Sucka-ass
I ain't got no motherfuckin' friends
That's why I fucked yo' bitch, you fat motherfucka!
(Take money) West Side, Bad Boy killas
(Take money) (You know) You know who the realest is
(Take money) niggas, we bring it too
That's a'ight, ha ha
(Take money)
First off, fuck your bitch and the clique you claim
Westside when we ride, come equipped with game
You claim to be a player, but I fucked your wife
We bust on Bad Boys, niggas fucked for life
Plus, Puffy tryna see me, weak hearts I rip
Biggie Smalls and Junior M.A.F.I.A. is some mark-ass bitches
We keep on comin' while we runnin' for your jewels
Steady gunnin', keep on bustin' at them fools, you know the rules
Lil' Caesar, go ask your homie how I'll leave ya
Cut your young-ass up, leave you in pieces, now be deceased
Lil' Kim, don't fuck around with real Gs
Quick to snatch yo' ugly ass off the streets, so fuck peace!
I'll let them niggas know it's on for life
Don't let the Westside ride tonight (Ha ha)
Bad Boy murdered on wax and killed
Fuck with me and get yo' caps peeled, you know
See, grab your Glocks when you see 2Pac
Call the cops when you see 2Pac, uh
Who shot me? But you punks didn't finish
Now you 'bout to feel the wrath of a menace
Nigga, I hit 'em up! (Yeah)

Check this out, you motherfuckers know what time it is
I don't even know why I'm on this track
Y'all niggas ain't even on my level
I'ma let my lil' homies ride
On you bitch-made ass Bad Boy bitches, feel it!
Get out the way yo, get out the way yo
Biggie Smalls just got dropped
Little Mu', pass the MAC and let me hit him in his back
Frank White needs to get spanked right for settin' traps
Little accident murderer, and I ain't never heard of ya
Poisonous gats attack when I'm servin' ya
Spank ya, shank ya whole style when I gank
Guard your rank 'cause I'ma slam your ass in the paint
Puffy weaker than the fuckin' block I'm runnin' through, nigga
And I'm smokin' Junior M.A.F.I.A. in front of you, nigga
With the ready power tucked in my Guess under my Eddie Bauer
Your clout petty/sour, I push packages every hour; I hit 'em up!
Grab your Glocks when you see 2Pac
Call the cops when you see 2Pac, uh
Who shot me? But you punks didn't finish
Now you 'bout to feel the wrath of a menace
Nigga, we hit 'em up!

Peep how we do it, keep it real as penitentiary steel
This ain't no freestyle battle
All you niggas gettin' killed with your mouths open
Tryna come up off of me, you in the clouds hopin'
Smokin' dope, it's like a sherm high
Niggas think they learned to fly
But they burn, motherfucker, you deserve to die
Talkin' about you gettin' money, but it's funny to me
All you niggas livin' bummy while you fuckin' with me
I'm a self-made millionaire
Thug livin', out of prison, pistols in the air (ha ha)
Biggie, remember when I used to let you sleep on the couch
And beg a bitch to let you sleep in the house?
Now it's all about Versace, you copied my style
Five shots couldn't drop me, I took it and smiled
Now I'm back to set the record straight
With my AK, I'm still the thug that you love to hate
Motherfucker, I hit 'em up!
I'm from N-E-W Jers' where plenty of murders occurs
No points or commas, we bring the drama to all you herbs
Now go check the scenario: Lil' Cease
I'll bring you fake G's to your knees, coppin' pleas in de Janeiro
Little Kim, is you coked up or doped up?
Get your little Junior Whopper click smoked up
What the fuck, is you stupid?
I take money, crash and mash through Brooklyn
With my click lootin', shootin' and pollutin' your block
With a 15-shot cocked Glock to your knot
Outlaw MAFIA clique movin' up another notch
And your pop stars popped and get mopped and dropped
All your fake-ass East Coast props brainstormed and locked

You's a beat biter, a Pac style taker
I'll tell you to your face, you ain't shit but a faker
Softer than Alizé with a chaser
About to get murdered for the paper
E.D.I. Mean approach the scene of the caper
Like a loc, with Little Ceas' in a choke
Gun totin' smoke, we ain't no motherfuckin' joke
Thug Life, niggas better be knowin'
We approachin' in the wide open, gun smokin'
No need for hopin', it's a battle lost
I got 'em crossed as soon as the funk is boppin' off
Nigga, I hit 'em up!

Now you tell me who won
I see them, they run, hahahaha
They don't wanna see us
Whole Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique dressin' up tryna be us
How the fuck they gonna be the mob
When we always on our job?
We millionaires
Killin' ain't fair, but somebody gotta do it
Oh yeah, Mobb Deep, you wanna fuck with us?
You little young-ass motherfuckers
Don't one of you niggas got sickle-cell or somethin'?
You're fuckin' with me, nigga
You fuck around and have a seizure or a heart attack
You better back the fuck up
Before you get smacked the fuck up
This is how we do it on our side
Any of you niggas from New York that wanna bring it, bring it!
But we ain't singin', we bringin' drama
Fuck you and yo' motherfuckin' mama!
We gon' kill all you motherfuckers!
Now when I came out I told you it was just about Biggie
Then everybody had to open their mouth
With a motherfuckin' opinion
Well, this is how we gonna do this: fuck Mobb Deep! Fuck Biggie!
Fuck Bad Boy as a staff, record label, and as a motherfuckin' crew!
And if you wanna be down with Bad Boy, then fuck you too!
Chino XL, fuck you too!
All you motherfuckers, fuck you too!
(Take money, take money)
All of y'all motherfuckers, fuck you, die slow!
Motherfucker, my .44 make sho' all y'all kids don't grow!
You motherfuckers can't be us or see us
We motherfuckin' Thug Life ridas
Westside 'til we die!
Out here in California, nigga, we warned ya
We'll bomb on you motherfuckers! We do our job!
You think you mob? Nigga, we the motherfuckin' mob!
Ain't nothin' but killas
And the real niggas, all you motherfuckers feel us
Our shit goes triple and 4-quadruple
You niggas laugh 'cause our staff got guns under they motherfuckas belts
You know how it is: when we drop records, they felt
You niggas can't feel it, we the realest
Fuck 'em, we Bad Boy killas!446EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Ooh, yeah (Ooh)
(Come on, come on)

I see no changes, wake up in the morning and I ask myself
Is life worth livin'? Should I blast myself?
I'm tired of bein' poor and, even worse, I'm black
My stomach hurts so I'm lookin' for a purse to snatch
Cops give a damn about a negro
Pull the trigger, kill a nigga, he's a hero
"Give the crack to the kids, who the hell cares?
One less hungry mouth on the welfare"
First ship 'em dope and let 'em deal to brothers
Give 'em guns, step back, watch 'em kill each other
"It's time to fight back," that's what Huey said
Two shots in the dark, now Huey's dead
I got love for my brother
But we can never go nowhere unless we share with each other
We gotta start makin' changes
Learn to see me as a brother instead of two distant strangers
And that's how it's supposed to be
How can the Devil take a brother if he's close to me? Uh
I'd love to go back to when we played as kids
But things change, and that's the way it is
(Come on, come on)
That's just the way it is (Changes)
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is (That's the way it is, what?)
Aww, yeah-yeah (Hear me)
(Oh my, oh my, come on, come on)
That's just the way it is (That's just the way it is, the way it is)
Things'll never be the same
(Never be the same, yeah, yeah, yeah, aww, yeah)
That's just the way it is (Way it is)
Aww, yeah (Come on, come on)
I see no changes, all I see is racist faces
Misplaced hate makes disgrace to races
We under, I wonder what it takes to make this
One better place, let's erase the wasted
Take the evil out the people, they'll be actin' right
'Cause both black and white are smokin' crack tonight
And the only time we chill is when we kill each other (Kill each other)
It takes skill to be real, time to heal each other
And although it seems heaven-sent
We ain't ready to see a black president, uh (Oh-ooh)
It ain't a secret, don't conceal the fact
The penitentiary's packed and it's filled with blacks
But some things will never change (Never change)
Try to show another way, but you stayin' in the dope game (Ooh)
Now tell me, what's a mother to do?
Bein' real don't appeal to the brother in you (Yeah)
You gotta operate the easy way
"I made a G today," but you made it in a sleazy way
Sellin' crack to the kids (Oh-oh), "I gotta get paid" (Oh)
Well hey, well that's the way it is
(Come on, come on)
That's just the way it is (Changes)
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is (That's the way it is, what?)
Aww, yeah (Hear me)
(Oh my, oh my, come on, come on)
That's just the way it is (That's just the way it is, the way it is)
Things'll never be the same
(Never be the same, yeah, yeah, yeah, aww, yeah)
That's just the way it is (Way it is)
Aww, yeah (Aww, yeah, aww, yeah)

We gotta make a change
It's time for us as a people to start makin' some changes
Let's change the way we eat
Let's change the way we live
And let's change the way we treat each other
You see, the old way wasn't workin'
So it's on us to do what we gotta do to survive

And still I see no changes, can't a brother get a little peace?
It's war on the streets and the war in the Middle East (Ooh, yeah)
Instead of war on poverty
They got a war on drugs so the police can bother me
And I ain't never did a crime I ain't have to do
But now I'm back with the facts, givin' it back to you (Ooh)
Don't let 'em jack you up, back you up
Crack you up and pimp-smack you up
You gotta learn to hold your own
They get jealous when they see you with your mobile phone
But tell the cops they can't touch this
I don't trust this, when they try to rush, I bust this
That's the sound of my tool, you say it ain't cool
My mama didn't raise no fool (Oh)
And as long as I stay black, I gotta stay strapped
And I never get to lay back
'Cause I always got to worry 'bout the payback
Some buck that I roughed up way back
Comin' back after all these years
"Rat-a-tat-tat-tat-tat," that's the way it is
(Uh)
That's just the way it is (Just the way it is, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Things'll never be the same (Yeah)
That's just the way it is (The way it is)
Aww, yeah (Some things will never change, oh my)
(I'm tryna make a change)
(You're my brother, you're my sister, yeah)
That's just the way it is (The way it is, the way it is)
Things'll never be the same (You're my brother, you're my sister)
That's just the way it is, aww, yeah
Some things'll never change340EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Little something for my godson Elijah
And a little girl named Corin
Some say the blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
I say the darker the flesh, then the deeper the roots (Oh)
I give a holla to my sisters on welfare
2Pac cares if don't nobody else care (Oh)
And, uh, I know they like to beat you down a lot
When you come around the block, brothers clown a lot
But please don't cry, dry your eyes, never let up
Forgive, but don't forget, girl, keep ya head up
And when he tells you you ain't nothin', don't believe him
And if he can't learn to love you, you should leave him
'Cause, sister, you don't need him
And I ain't tryin' to gas you up, I just call 'em how I see 'em (You don't need him)
You know what makes me unhappy? (What's that?)
When brothers make babies
And leave a young mother to be a pappy (Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah)
And since we all came from a woman
Got our name from a woman and our game from a woman (Yeah, yeah)
I wonder why we take from our women
Why we rape our women, do we hate our women?
(Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?)
I think it's time to kill for our women
Time to heal our women, be real to our women
And if we don't, we'll have a race of babies
That will hate the ladies that make the babies (Oh, yeah-yeah)
And since a man can't make one
He has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one
So will the real men get up?
I know you're fed up, ladies, but keep ya head up
(Keep ya head up)
Ooh, child, things are gonna get easier
(Keep-keep ya head up)
Ooh, child, things'll get brighter
(Oh-oh, keep ya head up)
Ooh, child, things are gonna get easier
(Keep-keep ya head up)
Ooh, child, things'll get brighter

Ayo, I remember Marvin Gaye used to sing to me
He had me feelin' like black was the thing to be
And suddenly the ghetto didn't seem so tough
And though we had it rough, we always had enough
I huffed and puffed about my curfew and broke the rules
Ran with the local crew and had a smoke or two
I realize Mama really paid the price
She nearly gave her life to raise me right (Oh, yeah-yeah)
And all I had to give her was my pipe dream
Of how I'd rock the mic and make it to the bright screen
I'm tryin' to make a dollar out of fifteen cents
It's hard to be legit and still pay your rent
And in the end, it seems I'm headin' for the pen'
I try to find my friends, but they're blowin' in the wind
Last night, my buddy lost his whole family
It's gonna take the man in me to conquer this insanity (Oh, no, no, no)
It seems the rain'll never let up
I try to keep my head up and still keep from gettin' wet up, huh
You know, it's funny, when it rains it pours
They got money for wars, but can't feed the poor
Said it ain't no hope for the youth
And the truth is it ain't no hope for the future
And then they wonder why we crazy, huh
I blame my mother for turnin' my brother into a crack baby
We ain't meant to survive 'cause it's a set-up
And even though you're fed up, huh, you got to keep ya head up
(Keep ya head up)
Ooh, child, things are gonna get easier
(Keep-keep ya head up)
Ooh, child, things'll get brighter
(Oh-oh, keep ya head up)
Ooh, child, things are gonna get easier
(Keep-keep ya head up)
Ooh, child, things'll get brighter

And, uh, to all the ladies havin' babies on they own
I know it's kinda rough and you're feelin' all alone
Daddy's long gone and he left you by your lonesome
Thank the Lord for my kids even if nobody else want 'em
'Cause I think we can make it, in fact, I'm sure
And if you fall, stand tall and come back for more (Oh-oh)
'Cause ain't nothin' worse than when your son
Wants to know why his daddy don't love him no mo'
You can't complain, you was dealt this hell of a hand
Without a man, feelin' helpless (I know you were)
Because there's too many things for you to deal with
Dyin' inside, but outside you're lookin' fearless
While the tears is rollin' down your cheeks
You're steady hopin' things don't all fall this week (Yeah)
'Cause if it did, you couldn't take it (Yeah)
And don't blame me, I was given this world, I didn't make it (Oh, yeah)
And now my son's gettin' older and older
And cold from havin' the world on his shoulders
While the rich kids is drivin' Benz
I'm still tryin' to hold on to survivin' friends (Oh, yeah)
And it's crazy, it seems it'll never let up
But, huh, please, you got to keep your head up201EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Makaveli in this, Killuminati
All through your body (All through your body)
The blow is like a 12-Gauge shotty (Uh) feel me!
(Come with me Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see)
And God said he should send his one begotten son
(What do we have here now Do you wanna ride or die)
To lead the wild into the ways of the man
Follow me! (La la-da-la la la la la)
Eat my flesh, flesh of my flesh!

Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
La la-da-la la la la la

I ain't a killer, but don't push me
Revenge is like the sweetest joy next to gettin' pussy
Picture paragraphs unloaded, wise words bein' quoted
Peeped the weakness in the rap game and sewed it
Bow down, pray to God, hopin' that he's listenin'
Seein' niggas comin' for me through my diamonds when they glistenin'
Now pay attention: bless me please, Father, I'm a ghost
In these killing fields, Hail Mary, catch me if I go
Let's go deep inside the solitary mind of a madman
Screams in the dark, evil lurks, enemies see me flee
Activate my hate, let it break to the flame
Set trip, empty out my clip, never stop to aim
Some say the game is all corrupt and fucked in this shit
Stuck, niggas is lucky if we bust out this shit
Plus, Mama told me never stop until I bust a nut
Fuck the world if they can't adjust, it's just as well, Hail Mary
Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
La, da-da, da, da, da-da, da
Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
La, da-da, da, da, da-da, da

Penitentiaries is packed with promise-makers
Never realized the precious time that bitch niggas is wastin'
Institutionalized, I live my life a product made to crumble
But too hardened for a smile, we're too crazy to be humble
We ballin', catch me, Father, please
‘Cause I'm fallin' in the liquor store
Pass the Hennessy, I hear you callin', can I get some more?
Hell, 'til I reach Hell, I ain't scared
Mama checkin' in my bedroom, I ain't there
I got a head with no screws in it, what can I do?
One life to live, but I got nothin' to lose
Just me and you on a one-way trip to prison, sellin' drugs
We all wrapped up in this livin', life as thugs
To my homeboys in Clinton Max doin' their bid
Raise hell to this real shit and feel this
When they turn out the lights, I'll be there in the dark
Thuggin' eternal through my heart
Now hail Mary, nigga!
Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
La, da-da, da, da, da-da, da
Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
La, da-da, da, da, da-da, da

They got a A-P-B out on my thug family
Since Outlawz run these streets like these scandalous freaks
Our enemies die now, walk around half-dead
Head down, K-blasted off of Hennessy and Thai Chronic
Mixed in, now I'm twisted, blistered and high
Visions of me thug-livin' gettin' me by
Forever live, and I multiply, survived by thugs
When I die they won't cry unless they comin' with slugs

Peep the whole scene and whatever's goin' on around me
Brain kind of cloudy, smoked out, feelin' rowdy
Ready to wet the party up
And whoever in that motherfucker, nasty new street slugger
My heat seeks suckers on the regular
Mashin' in a stolen Black Ac' Integra
Cocked back, sixty seconds 'til the draw, that's when I'm deadin' ya
Feet first, you've got a nice Gat but my heat's worse
From a thug to preachin' church
I gave you love, now you eatin' dirt
Needin' work, and I ain't the nigga to put you on
‘Cause word is bond
When I was broke, I had to hustle 'til dawn
That's when the sun came up, there's only one way up
Hold your head and stay up
To all my niggas, get your pay and weight up
If it's on, then it's on, we rape beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate?
To this shit I don't got be the shit I gotta take
Dealin' with fate, hopin' God don't close the gate
If it's on, then it's on, we rape beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate?
To this shit I don't got be the shit I gotta take
Dealin' with fate, hopin' God don't close the gate

Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
We've been travelin' on this weary road
Sometimes life can be a heavy load
But we ride, ride it like a bullet
Hail Mary, hail Mary (Hail Mary)
We won't worry, everything will curry
Free like the bird in the tree
We won't worry, everything will curry
Yes, we free like the bird in the tree
We runnin' from the penitentiary
This is the time for we liberty
Hail Mary, hail Mary!

Westside, Outlawz
Makaveli the Don, solo
Killuminati, The 7 Days184EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
You are appreciated

When I was young, me and my mama had beef
Seventeen years old, kicked out on the streets
Though back at the time I never thought I'd see her face
Ain't a woman alive that could take my mama's place
Suspended from school, and scared to go home
I was a fool, with the big boys breakin' all the rules
I shed tears with my baby sister, over the years
We was poorer than the other little kids
And even though we had different daddies, the same drama
When things went wrong we'd blame Mama
I reminisce on the stress I caused, it was hell
Huggin' on my mama from a jail cell
And who'd think in elementary, hey
I'd see the penitentiary one day?
And runnin' from the police, that's right
Mama catch me, put a whoopin' to my backside
And even as a crack fiend, Mama
You always was a black queen, Mama
I finally understand
For a woman it ain't easy tryin' to raise a man
You always was committed
A poor single mother on welfare, tell me how you did it
There's no way I can pay you back, but the plan
Is to show you that I understand: you are appreciated
Lady, don't you know we love ya? (Dear Mama)
Sweet lady, place no one above ya (You are appreciated)
Sweet lady, don't you know we love ya?

Now, ain't nobody tell us it was fair
No love from my daddy, 'cause the coward wasn't there
He passed away and I didn't cry
'Cause my anger wouldn't let me feel for a stranger
They say I'm wrong and I'm heartless, but all along
I was lookin' for a father, he was gone
I hung around with the thugs, and even though they sold drugs
They showed a young brother love
I moved out and started really hangin'
I needed money of my own, so I started slangin'
I ain't guilty, 'cause even though I sell rocks
It feels good puttin' money in your mailbox
I love payin' rent when the rent is due
I hope you got the diamond necklace that I sent to you
'Cause when I was low you was there for me
You never left me alone, because you cared for me
And I could see you comin' home after work late
You're in the kitchen, tryin' to fix us a hotplate
You just workin' with the scraps you was given
And Mama made miracles every Thanksgivin'
But now the road got rough, you're alone
You're tryin' to raise two bad kids on your own
And there's no way I can pay you back, but my plan
Is to show you that I understand: you are appreciated
Lady, don't you know we love ya? (Dear Mama)
Sweet lady, place no one above ya (You are appreciated)
Sweet lady, don't you know we love ya?

Pour out some liquor and I reminisce
'Cause through the drama, I can always depend on my mama
And when it seems that I'm hopeless
You say the words that can get me back in focus
When I was sick as a little kid
To keep me happy there's no limit to the things you did
And all my childhood memories
Are full of all the sweet things you did for me
And even though I act crazy
I gotta thank the Lord that you made me
There are no words that can express how I feel
You never kept a secret, always stayed real
And I appreciate how you raised me
And all the extra love that you gave me
I wish I could take the pain away
If you can make it through the night, there's a brighter day
Everything will be alright if you hold on
It's a struggle every day, gotta roll on
And there's no way I can pay you back, but my plan
Is to show you that I understand: you are appreciated
Lady, don't you know we love ya? (Dear Mama)
Sweet lady, place no one above ya (You are appreciated)
Sweet lady, don't you know we love ya? (Dear Mama)
Sweet lady, lady (Dear Mama)
Lady, lady248EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
California love
California knows how to party
California knows how to party
In the city of L.A
In the city of good ol' Watts
In the city, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin', we keep it rockin'

Now let me welcome everybody to the Wild Wild West
A state that's untouchable like Eliot Ness
The track hits your eardrum like a slug to your chest
Pack a vest for your Jimmy in the city of sex
We in that sunshine state where the bomb-ass hemp be
The state where you never find a dance floor empty
And pimps be on a mission for them greens
Lean mean money-making-machines servin' fiends
I been in the game for 10 years makin' rap tunes
Ever since honeys was wearin' Sassoon
Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me
Diamonds shinin', lookin' like I robbed Liberace
It's all good, from Diego to the Bay
Your city is the bomb if your city makin' pay
Throw up a finger if you feel the same way
Dre puttin' it down for Californ-i-a
California knows how to party
California knows how to party (Yes, they do)
In the city of L.A
In the city of good ol' Watts
In the city, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin', we keep it rockin'

Shake, shake it, baby
Shake, shake it, mama
Shake it, Cali
Shake it, shake it, baby
Shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it
Out on bail, fresh out of jail, California dreamin'
Soon as I step on the scene, I'm hearin' hoochies screamin'
Fiendin' for money and alcohol, the life of a Westside player
Where cowards die and the strong ball
Only in Cali where we riot, not rally, to live and die
In L.A. we wearin' Chucks, not Ballys (yeah, that's right)
Dressed in Locs and Khaki suits, and ride is what we do
Flossin' but have caution: we collide with other crews
Famous because we throw grams
Worldwide, let them recognize from Long Beach to Rosecrans
Bumpin' and grindin' like a slow jam
It's Westside, so you know the Row won't bow down to no man
Say what you say, but give me that bomb beat from Dre
Let me serenade the streets of L.A
From Oakland to Sac-town, the Bay Area and back down
Cali is where they put their mack down; give me love!
California knows how to party
California knows how to party (Yes, they do)
In the city of L.A
In the city of good ol' Watts
In the city, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin', we keep it rockin'

South Central
Uh, that's right
Now make it shake

Shake, shake it, baby
Shake, shake it, mama
Shake it, Cali
Shake it, shake it, baby
Shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it

Shake it, Cali
Uh, uh, West Coast
Uh, yeah, uh, uh, Long Beach in the house
Uh, yeah, Oaktown
Oakland definitely in the house
Frisco, Frisco
And you know L.A. up in here
Pasadena, where you at?
Yeah, Inglewood
Inglewood always up to no good
Even Hollywood tryin' to get a piece, baby
Sacramento, Sacramento where you at?
Throw it up, y'all! Throw it up, throw it up!
I can't see ya
Let's show these fools how we do it over on this Westside
'Cause you and I know it's the best side
Yeah, that's right
West Coast, West Coast153EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G
Let's get ready to rumble!
Now, you know how we do it, like a G
What really go on in the mind of a nigga
That get down for theirs
Constantly, money over bitches
Not bitches over money
Stay on your grind, nigga
My ambitions as a ridah
My ambitions as a ridah

So many battlefield scars while driven in plush cars
This life as a rap star is nothin' without guard
Was born rough and rugged, addressin' the mass public (Hahaha)
My attitude was "fuck it," 'cause motherfuckers love it
To be a soldier, must maintain composure at ease
Though life is complicated, only what you make it to be
(And ) Uh, and my ambitions as a ridah (Excuse me, baby)
To catch her while she hot and horny, go up inside her (Got ya)
Then I spit some game in her ear, "Go to the telly, ho!"
Equipped with money in a Benz 'cause, bitch, I'm barely broke (Hahaha)
I'm smokin' bomb-ass weed, feelin' crucial
From player to player, the game's tight, the feeling's mutual
From hustlin' and prayers to breakin' motherfuckers to pay us
I got no time for these bitches (Hell no,) 'cause these hoes tried to play us
I'm on a meal ticket mission, want a mil' so I'm wishin'
Competition got me blitzed on that bullshit they stressin' (Booyah)
I'ma rhyme though, clown hoes like it's mandatory
No guts, no glory, my nigga, bitch got the game distorted
Now it's on and it's on because I said so (Haha)
Can't trust a bitch in the business so I got with Death Row (Yeah)
Now these money-hungry bitches gettin' suspicious
Started plottin' and plannin' on a scheme to come and trick us (Haha)
But thug niggas be on point and game tight (Yeah)
Me, Syke and Bogart are strapped up the same night
Got problems, then handle it, motherfuckers see me
These niggas is jealous, 'cause deep in they hearts they wanna be me
Uh, yeah (Haha,) and now you got me right beside ya
Hopin' you listen, I catch you payin' attention
To my ambitions as a ridah
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me (My ambitions as a ridah)
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G
(I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah)

It was my only wish to rise above these jealous
Coward motherfuckers I despise, when it's time to ride
I was the first to hop inside (Let's go, nigga, let's go,) give me the .9
I'm ready to die right here tonight and motherfuck they life (Yeah, nigga!)
That's what they screamin' as they drill me, but I'm hard to kill
So open fire, I see you kill me, witness my steel (That's all you niggas got? Hahaha)
Spittin' at adversaries, envious and after me
I'd rather die before they capture me, watch me bleed
Mama (Dear Mama,) come rescue me, I'm suicidal, thinkin' thoughts
I'm innocent so there'll be bullets flyin' when I'm caught (Shoot)
Fuck doin' jail time, better day, sacrifice
Won't get a chance to do me like they did my nigga Tyson
Thuggin' for life, and if you right, then, nigga, die for it
Let them other bustas try, at least you tried for it (Hahaha)
When it's time to die, then be a man and pick the way you leave (Yeah, nigga)
Fuck peace and the police, my ambitions as a ridah
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me (My ambitions as a ridah)
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G
My murderous lyrics, equipped with spirits of the thugs before me
Stay off the block, evade the cops 'cause I know they comin' for me
I been hesitant to reappear, been away for years (I'm back, baby)
Now I'm back, my adversaries been reduced to tears
Question my methods to switch up speeds, sure as some bitches bleed
Niggas'll feel the fire of my mother's corrupted seed
(Buck-buck-buck-buck-buck) Blast me but they didn't finish, didn't diminish
My powers, so now I'm back to be a motherfuckin' menace (Them niggas cowards)
They cowards, that's why they tried to set me up
Had bitch-ass niggas (Bitch-ass niggas) on my team so indeed they wet me up (Punk niggas)
But I'm back reincarnated, incarcerated
At the time I contemplate the way that God made it
Lace 'em with lyrics that's legendary, musical mercenary
For money I'll have these motherfuckers buried
I been gettin' much mail in jail, niggas tellin' me to kill it (Hahaha)
Knowin' when I get out they gon' feel it (Yeah, right)
Witness the realest, a who-ridah when I put the shit inside
The cries from all your people when they find her, must remind ya
(Thug life) My history'll prove I been it
Revenge on them niggas that played me and all the cowards that was down wit' it
Now it's your nigga right beside ya
Hopin' you listen, got you payin' attention to my ambitions
As a ridah

I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
(My ambitions as a ridah)
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me204EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Big Syke, 'Nook, Paint, Bogart, Big Serge (yeah)
Y'all know how this shit go (you know)
All eyes on me
Motherfuckin' OG
Roll up in the club and shit, is that right?
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
But you know what?

I bet you got it twisted, you don't know who to trust
So many player-hatin' niggas tryna sound like us
Say they ready for the funk, but I don't think they knowin'
Straight to the depths of Hell is where them cowards goin'
Well, are you still down? Nigga, holla when you see me
And let these devils be sorry for the day they finally freed me
I got a caravan of niggas every time we ride
Hittin' motherfuckers up when we pass by
Until I die, live the life of a boss player
'Cause even when I'm high, fuck with me and get crossed later
The futures in my eyes, 'cause all I want is cash and thangs
A five-double-0 Benz, flauntin' flashy rings, uhh
Bitches pursue me like a dream
Been known to disappear before your eyes just like a dope fiend
It seems, my main thing was to be major paid
The game sharper than a motherfuckin' razor blade
Say money bring bitches, bitches bring lies
One nigga's gettin' jealous and motherfuckers died
Depend on me like the first and fifteenth
They might hold me for a second, but these punks won't get me
We got foe niggas and low riders in ski masks
Screamin', "Thug Life" every time they pass, all eyes on me
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player (All eyes on me) 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high

Hey, to my nigga 'Pac

So much trouble in the world, nigga
Can't nobody feel your pain
The world's changin' everyday, time's movin' fast
My girl said I need a raise, how long will she last?
I'm caught between my woman and my pistol and my chips
Triple beam, got some smokers on, whistle as I dip
I'm lost in the land with no plan, livin' life flawless
Crime boss, contraband, let me toss this
Mediocres got a lot of nerve
Let my bucket swerve, I'm takin' off from the curb
The nervousness neglect make me pack a TEC
Devoted to servin' this Moët and pay checks
Like Akai satellite, nigga, I'm forever ballin'
It ain't right: parasites, triggers, and fleas crawlin'
Sucker, duck and get busted, no emotion
My devotion is handlin' my business, nigga, keep on coastin'
Where you goin', I been there, came back as lonely, homie
Steady flowin' against the grain, niggas still don't know me
It's about the money in this rap shit, this crap shit
It ain't funny, niggas don't even know how to act, shit
What can I do? What can I say? Is there another way?
Blunts and gin all day, 24 parlay
My little homie G, can't you see I'm buster-free?
Niggas can't stand me; all eyes on me
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me

The feds is watchin', niggas plottin' to get me
Will I survive? Will I die? Come on, let's picture the possibility
Givin' me charges, lawyers makin' a grip
I told the judge I was raised wrong and that's why I blaze shit
Was hyper as a kid, cold as a teenager
On my mobile, callin' big shots on the scene major
Packin' hundreds in my drawers, fuck the law
Bitches, I fuck with a passion, I'm livin' rough and raw
Catchin' cases at a fast rate, ballin' in the fast lane
Hustle 'til the mornin', never stopped until the cash came
Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die
Live my life as a boss player, 'cause even gettin' high
These niggas got me tossin' shit
I put the top down, now it's time to floss my shit
Keep your head up, nigga, make these motherfuckers suffer
Up in the Benz, burnin' rubber
The money is mandatory, the hoes is for the stress
This criminal lifestyle, equipped with a bulletproof vest
Make sure your eyes is on the meal ticket, get your money
Motherfucker, let's get rich and we'll kick it; all eyes on me
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me

Pay attention, my niggas! See how that shit go?
Nigga walk up in this motherfucker and it be like, "Bing!"
Cops, bitches, every-motherfuckin'-body
(Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Live my life as a boss playa, 'cause even gettin' high)
I got bustas, hoes, and police watchin' a nigga, you know?
(I live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Livin' life as a boss playa, 'cause even gettin' high)
He he he, it's like what they think
I'm walkin' around with some ki's in my pocket or somethin'
They think I'm goin' back to jail, they really on that dope
(Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Live my life as a boss playa)
I know y'all watchin', I know y'all got me in the scopes
(Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Live my life as a boss playa, 'cause even gettin' high)
I know y'all know this is Thug Life, baby!
Y'all got me under surveillance, huh?
All eyes on me, but I'm knowin'107EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on

As I bail through the empty halls, breath stinkin' in my jaws
Ring, ring, ring — quiet, y'all, incomin' call
Plus this my homie from high school, he gettin' by
It's time to bury another brother, nobody cry
Life as a baller: alcohol and booty calls
We used to do 'em as adolescents, do you recall?
Raised as G's, loc'ed out, and blazed the weed
Get on the roof, let's get smoked out, and blaze with me
Two in the morning and we still high, assed out
Screamin', "Thug 'til I die!" before I passed out
But now that you're gone, I'm in the zone
Thinkin' I don't wanna die all alone, but now you gone
And all I got left are stinkin' memories
I love them niggas to death, I'm drinkin' Hennessy
While tryin' to make it last
I drank a fifth for that ass when you passed, 'cause life goes on
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, and life goes on

Yeah nigga, I got the word it's hell
You blew trial and the judge gave you 25 with an L
Time to prepare to do fed time, won't see parole
Imagine life as a convict that's gettin' old
Plus with the drama, we're lookin' out for your baby's mama
Takin' risks, while keepin' cheap tricks from gettin' on her
Life in the hood is all good for nobody
Remember gamin' on dumb hotties at yo' party
Me and you, no truer two, while schemin' on hits
And gettin' tricks that maybe we can slide into
But now you buried — rest, nigga, 'cause I ain't worried
Eyes blurry, sayin' goodbye at the cemetery
Though memories fade
I got your name tatted on my arm
So we both ball 'til my dyin' days
Before I say goodbye
Kato and Mental, rest in peace! Thug 'til I die!
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, 'cause life goes on

Bury me smilin' with G's in my pocket
Have a party at my funeral, let every rapper rock it
Let the hoes that I used to know
From way befo' kiss me from my head to my toe
Give me a paper and a pen, so I can write about my life of sin
A couple bottles of gin, in case I don't get in
Tell all my people I'm a Ridah
Nobody cries when we die, we Outlawz, let me ride
Until I get free
I live my life in the fast lane, got police chasin' me
To my niggas from old blocks, from old crews
Niggas that guided me through back in the old school
Pour out some liquor, have a toast for the homies
See, we both gotta die, but you chose to go before me
And brothers miss you while you gone
You left your nigga on his own; how long we mourn? Life goes on
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on

Life goes on, homie
Gone on, 'cause they passed away
Niggas doin' life
Niggas doin' 50 and 60 years and shit
I feel you, nigga, trust me, I feel you
You know what I mean?
Last year we poured out liquor for ya
This year, nigga, life goes on, we're gonna clock now
Get money, evade bitches, evade tricks
Give playa haters plenty of space
And basically just represent for you, baby
Next time you see your niggas, we gon' be on top, nigga
You gon' be like, "Goddamn, them niggas came up!"
That's right, baby, life goes on
And we up out this bitch
Hey, Kato! Mental!
Y'all niggas make sure it's poppin'
When we get up there, man, don't front
Life goes on
Hold me no more, hold me no more
Yes it do, yes it do, yes it do96EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Up out of there
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
Eh, light that up, Snoop! Why you actin' like that?
Ahh shit, you done fucked up now
(Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party)
You done put two of America's most wanted
In the same motherfuckin' place at the same motherfuckin' time?
(Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party)
Ha, ha, ha, ha, y'all niggas about to feel this
(Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party)
Break out the champagne glasses and the motherfuckin' condoms
Have one on us, a'ight?
(Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party)
A toast to the gangsters

Picture perfect, I paint a perfect picture
Bombin' hoochies with precision, my intention's to get richer
With the S-N double-O-P, Dogg, my fuckin' homie
You's a cold-ass nigga on them hogs

Sho 'nuff, I keep my hand on my gun
'Cause they got me on the run
Now I'm back in the courtroom, waitin' on the outcome
"Free 2Pac" is all that's on a nigga's mind
But at the same time, it seems they tryin' to take mine
So I'ma get smart and get defensive and shit
And put together a Million March for some gangsta shit
So now they got us laced
Two multi-millionaire motherfuckers catchin' cases
Bitches, get ready for the throw down, the shit's about to go down
Me and Snoop about to clown
I'm losin' my religion, I'm vicious on these stool pigeons
You might be deep in this game, but you got the rules missin'
Niggas be actin' like they savage, they out to get the cabbage
I've got nothin' but love for my niggas livin' lavish

I've got a pit named Petey, she Nigerina
I've got a house out in the hills, right next to Chino
And I think I've got a black Bimmer
But my dream is to own a fly casino
Like Bugsy Siegel, and do it all legal
And get scooped up by the little homie in the Regal
It feels good to you, baby-bubba
You see, this is for the G's and the keys, motherfucker

Now, follow as we ride!
Motherfuck the rest, two of the best from the Westside!
And I can make you famous
Niggas been dyin' for years, so how can they blame us?
I live in fear of a felony
I never stop bailin' these motherfuckin' G's
If you got it, better flaunt it
Another warrant, 2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
(Nothin' but a gangsta party)
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
(Nothin' but a gangsta party
It ain't nothin' but a motherfuckin' gangsta party)
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
(Nothin' but a gangsta party
It ain't nothin' but a motherfuckin' gangsta party)
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party

Now give me fifty feet, defeat is not my destiny
Release me to the streets, and keep whatever's left of me
Jealousy is misery, suffery is greed
Better be prepared when you cowards fuck with me
I bust and flee
These niggas must be crazy, what?!
There ain't no mercy, motherfuckers, who can fade the thug?
You thought it was, but it wasn't, now disappear
Bow down in the presence of a boss player

It's like, Cuh, Blood, gang-bangin'
Everybody in the party doin' dope-slangin'
You gotta have paper in this world
You might get your first snatch before your eyes swirl
You doin' your job every day
And then you work so hard 'til your hair turn gray
Let me tell you 'bout life and 'bout the way it is
You see, we live by the gun, so we die by the guns, kid
They tell me not to roll with my Glock
So now I got a throw-away
Floatin' in the black Benz (Bitch), tryin' to do a show a day
They wonder how I live with five shots
Niggas is hard to kill on my block
Schemes for currency and dough-related
Affiliated with the hustlers, so we made it
No answers to questions, I'm tryin' to get up on it
My nigga, Dogg, and me, eternally the most wanted

Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
(Nothin' but a gangsta party
It ain't nothin' but a motherfuckin' gangsta party)
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
(Nothin' but a gangsta party
It ain't nothin' but a motherfuckin' gangsta party)
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
(Nothin' but a gangsta party
It ain't nothin' but a motherfuckin' gangsta party)
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
(Nothin' but a gangsta party
It ain't nothin' but a motherfuckin' gangsta party)
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party

Bitch! Where you at? Where you at?
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party
Yeah, Death Row85EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
* Poems written by Shakur as ~ interpreted by other artists

You try to plant somethin in the conrete, y'knowhatImean?
If it GROW, and the and the rose petal got all kind of
Scratches and marks, you not gon' say, "Damn, look at
All the scratches and marks on the rose that grew from concrete"
You gon' be like, "Damn! A rose grew from the concrete?!"
Same thing with me, y'knahmean? I grew out of all of this
Instead of sayin, "Damn, he did this, he did this,"
Just be like, "DAMN! He grew out of that? He came out of that?"
That's what they should say, y'knowhatImean?
All the trouble to survive and make good out of the dirty, nasty
Y'knowhahatImean unbelievable lifestyle they gave me
I'm just tryin to make somethin...

When no one even cared
The rose it grew from concrete
Keepin all these dreams
Provin nature's laws wrong
It learned how to walk without havin feet
It came from concrete

Did you hear about the rose that grew from a crack in the concrete?
Provin nature's laws wrong it learned how to walk without havin feet
Funny it seems but, by keepin its dreams
It, learned to breathe FRESH air
Long live the rose that grew from concrete
When no one else even cared
No one else even cared...
The rose that grew from concrete
Did you hear..
Did you hear about the rose that grew from a crack in the concrete?
Provin' nature's laws wrong
It learned to walk without having feet
Funny it seems but by keeping its dreams
It learned to breathe FRESH air
Long live the rose that grew from concrete
When no one else, even cared

Keepin all these dreams
Provin nature's laws wrong
It learned how to walk without havin feet (to breathe the fresh air)
It came from concrete (to breathe the fresh air)
(to breathe the fresh air, to breathe the fresh air)

You see you wouldn't ask why the rose that grew from the concrete
Had damaged petals. On the contrary, we would all celebrate its
Tenacity. We would all love it's will to reach the sun
Well, we are the roses - this is the concrete - and these are
My damaged petals. Don't ask me why, thank God nigga, ask me how!
Hahahaha..34EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Only God can judge me (that right?)
Only God can judge me now
Nobody else (nobody else)
All you other motherfuckers get out my business (really)
Only God can judge me now

Perhaps I was blind to the facts, stabbed in the back
I couldn't trust my own homies, just a bunch of dirty rats
Will I succeed? Paranoid from the weed
And hocus pocus, try to focus, but I can't see
And in my mind I'm a blind man doin' time
Look to my future, ‘cause my past is all behind me
Is it a crime to fight for what is mine?
Everybody's dyin', tell me what's the use of tryin'
I've been trapped since birth, cautious ‘cause I'm cursed
And fantasies of my family in a hearse
And they say it's the White man I should fear
But it's my own kind doin' all the killin' here
I can't lie, ain't no love for the other side
Jealousy inside, make 'em wish I died
Oh my Lord, tell me what I'm livin' for
Everybody's droppin', got me knockin' on Heaven's door
And all my memories of seein' brothers bleed
And everybody grieves, but still nobody sees
Recollect your thoughts, don't get caught up in the mix
‘Cause the media is full of dirty tricks
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me now
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me


I hear the doctor standin' over me, screamin' I can make it
Got a body full of bullet holes, layin' here naked
Still I can't breathe, something's evil in my IV
‘Cause everytime I breathe I think they killin' me
I'm havin' nightmares, homicidal fantasies
I wake up strangled, entangled in my bed sheets
I call the nurse ‘cause it hurts to reminisce
How did it come to this? I wish they didn't miss
Somebody help me, tell me where to go from here
‘Cause even thugs cry, but do the Lord care?
Try to remember but it hurts
I'm walkin' through the cemetery, talkin' to the dirt
I'd rather die like a man than live like a coward
There's a ghetto up in Heaven and it's ours
"Black Power!" is what we scream
As we dream in a paranoid state
And our fate is a lifetime of hate
Dear Mama, can you save me? And fuck peace
‘Cause the streets got our babies, we gotta eat
No more hesitation, each and every black male's trapped
And they wonder why we suicidal running 'round strapped
Mr. Police, please try to see
That there's a million motherfuckers stressin' just like me
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me now
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me

That which does not kill me can only make me stronger
That's for real
And I don't see why everybody feel as though
That they gotta tell me how to live my life
You know?
Let me live, baby, let me live

Pac, I feel ya, keep servin' it on the reala
For instance, say a playa-hatin' mark is out to kill ya
Would you be wrong for buckin' a nigga to the pavement?
He gon' get me first, if I don't get him fool start prayin'
Ain't no such thing as self-defense in the court of law
So judge us when we get to where we're goin wearin' a cross
That's real, got him, lurked him, crept the fuck up on him
Sold a half a million tapes, now everybody want him
After talkin' behind my back like a bitch would
Tellin' them niggas, "You can fade him"
Punk, I wish you would
It be them same motherfuckers in your face
That'll rush up in your place to get your safe
Knowin' you on that paper chase
Grass, glass, big screen and leather couch
My new shit is so fetti, already sold a ki or ounce
Bitch, remember 2Pac and 4-Tay
The same two brothers dodgin' bullets, representin' the Bay
Pac, when you was locked down, that's when "I'll Be Around"
Start climbin' up the charts, so sick, but they tried to clown
That's why they ride the bandwagon
Still be draggin', sellin' lies
Don't think I don't see you haters, I know y'all in disguise
Guess you figure you know me, ‘cause I'm a thug
That love to hit the late night clubs drink them Buds
Been livin' lavish like a player all day
Now I'm 'bout to floss some boss player shit with 4-Tay

Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me now
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me

Only God man
That right?
That’s real
Hahahahahaha
Fuck everybody else, you know what I’m sayin'?
Man, look here, man
My only fear of death
Is comin' back to this bitch reincarnated, man
That’s for the homie mental
Hehehehe
We up out79EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Change, shit
I guess change is good for any of us
Whatever it take for any of y'all niggas to get up out the hood
Shit, I'm wit' ya, I ain't mad at cha
Got nothin' but love for ya, do your thing, boy
Yeah, all the homies that I ain't talk to in a while
I'ma send this one out for y'all
Know what I mean? 'Cause I ain't mad at cha
Heard y'all tearin' up shit out there
Kickin' up dust, givin' a motherfuck
Yeah, niggas, 'cause I ain't mad at cha

Now we was once two niggas of the same kind
Quick to holla at a hoochie with the same line
You was just a little smaller, but you still rolled
Got stretched to Y.A. and hit the hood swoll
'Member when you had a Jheri curl, didn't quite learn
On the block, wit'cha Glock, trippin' off sherm
Collect calls to the crib, sayin' how you've changed
Oh, you a Muslim now? No more dope game
Heard you might be comin' home, just got bail
Wanna go to the mosque, don't wanna chase tail
It seems I lost my little homie, he's a changed man
Hit the pen' and now no sinnin' is the game plan
When I talk about money, all you see is the struggle
When I tell you I'm livin' large, you tell me it's trouble
Congratulations on the weddin', I hope your wife know
She got a playa for life, and that's no bullshittin'
I know we grew apart, you probably don't remember
I used to fiend for your sister, but never went up in her
And I can see us after school, we'd bomb
On the first motherfucker with the wrong shit on
Now the whole shit's changed and we don't even kick it
Got a big money scheme and you ain't even with it
Knew in my heart you was the same motherfucker that
Go toe to toe when it's time to roll, you got a brother's back
And I can't even trip, 'cause I'm just laughin' at cha
You tryin' hard to maintain, then go ahead
'Cause I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha

We used to be like distant cousins, fightin', playin' dozens
Whole neighborhood buzzin', knowin' that we wasn't
Used to catch us on the roof or behind the stairs
I'm gettin' blitzed and I reminisce on all the times we shared
Besides bumpin' and grindin', wasn't nothin' on our mind
In time, we'd learned to live a life of crime
Rewind us back to a time was much too young to know
I caught a felony, lovin' the way the guns blow
And even though we separated, you said that you'd wait
Don't give nobody no coochie while I'll be locked up state
I kiss my mama goodbye and wipe the tears from her lonely eyes
Said I'll return but I gotta fight, the fate's arrived
Don't shed a tear, 'cause mama, I ain't happy here
I blew trial, no more smiles for a couple years
They got me goin' mad, I'm knockin' busters on they backs
In my cell, thinkin', "Hell, I know one day I'll be back"
As soon as I touch down
I told my girl I'd be there, so prepare to get fucked down
The homies wanna kick it, but I'm just laughin' at cha
'Cause you's a down-ass bitch and I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
A true down-ass bitch and I ain't mad at cha

Well, guess who's movin' up? This nigga's ballin' now
Bitches be callin' to get it, hookers keep fallin' down
He went from nothin' to lots, ten carats to rock
Went from a nobody nigga to the big man on the block
He's Mr. Local-Celebrity, addicted to movin' ki's
Most hated by enemies, escape in the luxury
See, first you was our nigga, but you made it so the choice is made
Now we gotta slay you while you faded, in the younger days
So full of pain while the weapons blaze
Gettin' so high off that bomb, hopin' we make it to the better days
'Cause crime pays, and in time, you'll find a rhyme'll blaze
You'll feel the fire from the niggas in my younger days
So many changed on me, so many tried to plot
That I keep a Glock beside my head, when will it stop?
'Til God return me to my essence
'Cause even as an adolescent, I refused to be a convalescent
So many questions and they ask me if I'm still down
I moved up out of the ghetto, so I ain't real now?
They got so much to say, but I'm just laughin' at cha
You niggas just don't know, but I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
Hell nah, I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
And I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha82EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Between you and Biggie it was like, who's gon’—who’s gon’— who rules the nigga kingdom and shit, basically, you know what I'm saying? I was like, this is like a fucking
It is that
Election. It’s an election and shit
It is that
You know what I am saying?
Me and Biggie's situation is smaller than that. Me and Biggie’s situation is like…
You know, I wonder if they'll laugh when I'm dead
Why am I fighting to live if I'm just living to fight?
(You don't know?)
Why am I trying to see when there ain't nothing in sight?
Why am I trying to give when no one gives me a try?
Why am I dying to live if I'm just living to die?
Check it, I grew up a fuckin' screw-up
Got introduced to the game, got a ounce and fuckin' blew up
Choppin' rocks overnight
The nigga Biggie Smalls tryna turn into the black Frank White
We had to grow dreads to change our description
Two cops is on the milk box missin'
Show they toes, you know they got stepped on
A fistful of bullets, a chest full of Teflon
Run from the police, picture that
Nigga, I'm too fat, I fuck around and catch a asthma attack
That's why I bust back, it don't faze me
When he drop, take his Glock and I'm Swayze
Celebrate my escape, sold the Glock, bought some weight
Lay back, I got some money to make, motherfucker
You know, I wonder if they'll laugh when I'm dead
Why am I fighting to live if I'm just living to fight?
Why am I trying to see when there ain't nothing in sight?
Why am I trying to give when no one gives me a try?
Why am I dying to live if I'm just living to die?
(It's on me)
But still I'm havin' memories of high speed when the cops crashed
As I laugh, pushin' the gas while my Glocks blast
We was young and we was dumb, but we had heart
In the dark, will we survive through the bad parts?
Many dreams is what I had, and plenty wishes
No hesitation in extermination of these snitches
Envious bitches, they still continue to pursue me
A couple of movies, now the whole world's tryna screw me
Even the cops tried to sue me, so what can I do?
But stay true, sippin' 22's of brew
And now media is tryna test me
Got the press askin' questions, tryna stress me
Misery is all I see, that's my mind state
My history with the police will shake the crime rate
My main man had two strikes, slipped, got arrested, and flipped
He screamed "Thug Life!" and emptied the clip
Got tired of runnin' from the police
You know, I wonder if they'll laugh when I'm dead
Why am I fighting to live if I'm just living to fight?
Why am I trying to see when there ain't nothing in sight?
Why am I trying to give when no one gives me a try?
Why am I dying to live if I'm just living to die?

They wanted a new regime. And my regime includes East coast, includes West coast

I was more shocked than anything
You know what I'm sayin'?
But I wasn't more shocked of him dying
I was more shocked of him… Pac is a strong dude, yo
I know dude, you know what I'm sayin'? Real strong
So when they was like he got shot, I was just more like, "Again?" you know what I'm sayin'?
He always getting shot, or shot at
He going to pull through this one again
Make a few records about it, and it's going to be over
You know what I'm sayin'?
But when he, when he died, I was just like, "whoa", you know what I'm saying? Kinda took me by
I mean, even though we was going through our drama
I would never wish death on nobody
You know what I'm sayin'?
Because there ain't no coming back from that90EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
It's just me against the world
Nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world, baby
I got nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world
Stuck in the game
Me against the world, baby

Can you picture my prophecy?
Stress in the city, the cops is hot for me
The projects is full of bullets
Though bodies is droppin' there ain't no stoppin' me
Constantly movin' while makin' millions
Witnessin' killings, leavin' dead bodies in abandoned buildings
Can't reach the children, 'cause they're illin'
Addicted to killin' and the appeal from the cap peelin'
Without feelin', but will they last or be blasted?
Hard-headed bastard, maybe he'll listen in his casket
The aftermath: more bodies bein' buried
I'm losin' my homies in a hurry, they're relocatin' to the cemetery
Got me worried, stressin', my vision's blurry
The question is will I live, no one in the world loves me
I'm headed for danger, don't trust strangers
Put one in the chamber whenever I'm feelin' this anger
Don't wanna make excuses
'Cause this is how it is, what's the use?
Unless we're shootin', no one notices the youth
It's just me against the world, baby
Me against the world
It's just me against the world
It's just me against the world
Me against the world
'Cause it's just me against the world, baby (Hey)
Me against the world (Ooh yeah)
I got nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world, baby
I got nothin' to lose

Could somebody help me? I'm out here all by myself, see
Ladies in stores, Baby Capone's, livin' wealthy
Pictures of my birth on this Earth is what I'm dreamin'
Seein' Daddy's semen, full of crooked demons
Already crazy and screamin', I guess them nightmares as a child
Had me scared but left me prepared for a while
Is there another route for a crooked Outlaw?
Veteran, a villain, a young thug, who one day shall fall

Everyday there's mo' death, and plus I'm dough-less
I'm seein' more reasons for me to proceed with thievin'
Scheme on the schemin' and leave they peeps grievin'
'Cause ain't no bucks to stack up
My nuts is backed up, I'm about to act up
Go load the MAC up, now watch me klacka
Tried makin' fat cuts, but yo, it ain't workin'
And evil's lurkin', I can see him smirkin' when I gets to pervin'
So what? Go put some work in and make my mail
Makin' sales, riskin' 25 with a L, but oh well
Me against the world
With nothin' to lose (Ooh yeah)
It's just me against the world
It's just me against the world, baby
Me against the world
I got nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world
It's just me against the world, baby
With nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world, baby
Me against the world
Me against the world
I got nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world, baby
With all this extra stressin'
The question I wonder is after death, after my last breath
When will I finally get to rest through this oppression?
They punish the people that's askin' questions
And those that possess steal from the ones without possessions
The message I stress: to make it stop, study your lessons
Don't settle for less, even the genius asks his questions
Be grateful for blessings
Don't ever change, keep your essence
The power is in the people and politics we address
Always do your best, don't let this pressure make you panic
And when you get stranded
And things don't go the way you planned it
Dreamin' of riches, in a position of makin' a difference
Politicians are hypocrites, they don't wanna listen
If I'm insane, it's the fame made a brother change
It wasn't nothin' like the game; it's just me against the world
Me against the world
Nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world, baby
Me against the world
Got me stuck in the game (Ooh yeah)
It's just me against the world
Nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world, baby
Me against the world

Hahaha, that's right
I know it seem hard sometimes
But, uh, remember one thing
Through every dark night, there's a bright day after that
So no matter how hard it get
Stick your chest out, keep your head up, and handle it64EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
'Round and 'round (Aw yeah)
'Round and 'round, 'round we go (I get around)
'Round and 'round
Still clown with the Underground, when we come around
(Step up, step-step up, step up)
'Round and 'round, 'round we go (stronger than ever)
'Round and 'round

Back to get wrecked, all respect
To those who break their neck to keep their hoes in check
‘Cause, oh, they sweat a brother majorly
And I don't know why your girl keeps pagin' me
She tell me that she needs me, cries when she leaves me
And every time she sees me, she squeeze me—lady, take it easy!
Hate to sound sleazy, but tease me
I don't want it if it's that easy
Ayo, bust it, baby got a problem saying "Bye-bye"
Just another hazard of a fly guy
You ask "Why?", don't matter, my pockets got fatter
Now everybody's lookin' for the latter
And ain't no need in being greedy, if you wanna see me
Dial the beeper number, baby, when you need me
And I'll be there in a jiffy
Don't be picky, just be happy with this quickie
When will ya learn you can't tie me down
Baby doll, check it out: I get around
What you mean you don't know?
Round and round, around we go
I get around, the Underground just don't stop for hoes
Round and round
I get around, still down with the Underground
Round and round, around we go
I get around, yeah, ayo Shock, let them hoes know
Round and round

Now you can tell from my everyday fits I ain't rich
So cease and desist with them tricks (Tricks)
I'm just another black man caught up in the mix (mix)
Tryna make a dollar out of 15 cents (A dime and a nickel)
Just 'cause I'm a freak don't mean that we could hit the sheets
Baby, I can see, that you don't recognize me
I'm Shock G, the one who put the satin on your panties
Never knew a hooker that could share me; I get around

What's up, love? How you doin'? (All right)
Well, I've been hangin', sangin' tryna do my thang, oh, you heard that I was bangin'
Your homegirl you went to school with? That's cool
But did she tell you about her sister and your cousin? Thought I wasn't (Uhh)
See, weekends were made for Michelob
But it's a Monday, my day, so just let me hit it, yo
And don't mistake my statement for a clown
We can keep in the down low, long as you know that I get around
'Round and 'round, around we go
2Pacalypse Now don't stop for hoes, I get around
'Round and 'round
'Round and 'round, around we go
Why I ain't call you? Hahahah, please!
'Round and 'round

Fingertips on the hips as I dip
Gotta get a tight grip, don't slip; loose lips sink ships
It's a trip, I love the way she licks her lips, see me jockin'
Put a little twist in her hips ‘cause I'm watchin'
Conversations on the phone 'til the break of dawn
Now we're all alone, why the lights on?
Turn them off! Time to set it off, get you wet and soft
Somethin' is on your mind, let it off
You don't know me, you just met me, you won't let me
Well, if I couldn't have it (Silly rabbit) why you sweatin' me?
It's a lot of real Gs doin' time
'Cause a groupie bent the truth and told a lie
You picked the wrong guy, baby, if you're too fly
You need to hit the door, search for a new guy
'Cause I only got one night in town
Break out or be clowned, baby doll are you down?
I get around
'Round and 'round, around we go
'Round and 'round, around we go, uhh
'Round and 'round, around we go
'Round and 'round, around we go
'Round and 'round, 'round we go
'Round and 'round, 'round we go
'Round and 'round, 'round we go, whoa
'Round and 'round we go
'Round and 'round
'Round and 'round
'Round and 'round
'Round and 'round51EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
I shall not fear no man but God
Though I walk through the valley of death
I shed so many tears
If I should die before I wake
Please God walk with me
Grab a nigga and take me to Heaven

Back in elementary, I thrived on misery
Left me alone, I grew up amongst a dyin' breed
Inside my mind couldn't find a place to rest
Until I got that Thug Life tatted on my chest
Tell me, can you feel me? I'm not livin' in the past
You wanna last? Be the first to blast
Remember Kato, no longer with us, he's deceased
Call on the sirens, seen him murdered in the streets
Now he rest in peace
Is there a heaven for a G? Remember me
So many homies in the cemetery, shed so many tears

I suffered through the years
And shed so many tears
Lord, I lost so many peers
And shed so many tears
Now that I'm strugglin' in this business, by any means
Label me greedy gettin' green, but seldom seen
And fuck the world 'cause I'm cursed
I'm havin' visions of leavin' here in a hearse
God, can you feel me?
Take me away from all the pressure and all the pain
Show me some happiness again
I'm goin' blind, I spend my time in this cell, ain't livin' well
I know my destiny is Hell, where did I fail?
My life is in denial and when I die
Baptized in eternal fire, I'll shed so many tears
Lord, I suffered through the years
And shed so many tears
Lord, I lost so many peers
And shed so many tears

Now I'm lost and I'm weary, so many tears
I'm suicidal, so don't stand near me
My every move is a calculated step
To bring me closer to embrace an early death
Now there's nothin' left
There was no mercy on the streets
I couldn't rest, I'm barely standin'
About to go to pieces, screamin' peace
And though my soul was deleted, I couldn't see it
I had my mind full of demons tryin' to break free
They planted seeds and they hatched, sparkin' the flame
Inside my brain like a match, such a dirty game
No memories, just a misery
Paintin' a picture of my enemies killin' me in my sleep
Will I survive 'til the morning to see the sun?
Please Lord, forgive me for my sins, 'cause here I come
Lord! (God!)
I suffered through the years
And shed so many tears
God, I lost so many peers

And Lord knows I tried, been a witness to homicide
Seen drive-by's takin' lives, little kids die
Wonder why as I walk by
Broken-hearted as I glance at the chalk line, gettin' high
This ain't the life for me, I wanna change
But ain't no future bright for me, I'm stuck in the game
I'm trapped inside a maze
See this Tanqueray influenced me to gettin' crazy
Disillusioned lately, I've been really wantin' babies
So I could see a part of me that wasn't always shady
Don't trust my lady 'cause she's a product of this poison
I'm hearin' noises, think she's fuckin' all my boys
Can't take no more, I'm fallin' to the floor
Beggin' for the Lord to let me in to Heaven's door
Shed so many tears

Lord, lost so many years
And shed so many tears
I lost so many peers
And shed so many tears
Lord, I suffered many years
And shed so many tears
God, I lost so many peers
And shed so many tears78EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Ah, yeah! Hahaha (Yeah)
It's all about you, one time (I'ma say it's all about you, baby, yeah)
Haha, for the bitches that think it's all about you (It's all about you) (This Dru Down in the house
With my boy 'Pizznac, you know what I'm sayin'?)
It's all about you (Yeah, I'm gon' say it's all about you
But you know I'm lyin' though, ha! Yeah)

You probably crooked as the last trick
Want to laugh 'bout how I got my ass
Caught up with this bad bitch?
Thinkin' I had her, but she had me in the long run
It's just my luck, I'm stuck with fuckin' with the wrong one
Wise decisions, based on lies we livin'
Scandalous times, this game's like my religion
You could be rollin' with a thug
Instead you with this weak scrub, lookin' for some love
In every club, I see you starin' like you want it
Well, baby, if you got it, better flaunt it
Let the liquor help you get up on it
I'm still tipsy from last night
Bumpin' these walls as I pause, addicted to the fast life
I try to holla, but you tell me you taken
Sayin' you ain't impressed with the money I'm makin'
Guess it's true what they tellin' me
Fresh out of jail, life's hell for a black celebrity
So that's the reason why I call, and maybe you with it
Fantasies of us sweatin', can I hit it? (Hell no)
Addicted to the things you do
But still true what I'm sayin', boo, ‘cause this is all about you
Every other city we go, every other video (It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same ho (It's all about you)
Every other city we go, every other video (It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same ho

I make a promise if you go with me, just let me know
I'll have you hollerin' my name out before I leave
Nobody loves me, I'm a thug nigga
I only hung out with the criminals and drug dealers
I love niggas 'cause we comin' from the same place
Witness me holla at a hoochie, see how quick the game takes
How can I tell her I'm a playa and I don't even care?
Creep though, weed smoke's in the air
Everywhere I go, it's all about the groupie hoes
Waitin' for niggas at the end of every show
I just seen you in my friend's video
Could never put a bitch before my friends, so here we go
Follow the leader and peep the drama that I'm goin' through
It's all about you
Yeah, nigga, it's all about you

Every other city we go, every other video (It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video (It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Is you sick from the dick, or is it the flu?
It ain't about you or your bitch-ass crew
Every other city we go and every video
Explain to a nigga why I see the same shitty ho?
You think it's all about you? Well, boo
I gets down like Dru, and my nasty new niggas, too

You couldn't hold me back, it'd take a fatter track
A lyrical attack, perhaps, it was a visual bluff
When I started to snaps all your rode 'em swoll
Straight in control, flows'll fold, while hoes cold stroll
Hold the set, I told Dramacy' go in next
Gold diggin', cold diggin' a gold Rolex

I slide in easily, try a grizzly
Sluts know the cut, I came to fuck, try skeezin' me
Runnin' up in ya just like Bruce Jenner when I bend ya
At the most, I fucked a bitch from the West Coast to West Virginia
(It's all about you)

Every other city we go, every other video (It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video (It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video (It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
I'm tellin' ya, it's the same old shit
I mean, goddamn, you know what I'm sayin'?
I'm sittin' back, watchin' Montell Jordan video
I see the same bitch who was in my homeboy Nate Dogg video
Then I flip the channel, I'm checkin' out my homeboy 2Pac video
I see the same bitch that was in my video
You know what I'm sayin'? And then, you know what I'm sayin'?
What make that even more fucked up
I'm watchin' a Million Man March
And I see the same bitch on the Million Man March
That was in the homeboy Warren G video!
I mean, damn, everywhere I look, everywhere I go
I see the same ho
Don't get mad, I'm only bein' real, yeah38EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Turn it up loud
Hahaha, ahahaha, hey man
You a little sucker for love, Pac!
Word up, hahahahaha

I should've seen
You was trouble right from the start, taught me so many lessons
How not to mess with broken hearts, so many questions
When this began we was the perfect match, perhaps
We had some problems but we workin at it, and now
The arguments are gettin' loud, I wanna stay
But I can’t help from walkin' out just throw it away
Just take my hand and understand, if you could see
I never planned to be your man it just wasn’t me
But now I’m searchin’ for commitment, in other arms
I wanna shelter you from harm, don’t be alarmed
Your attitude was the cause, you got me stressin’
Soon as I open up the door with your jealous questions
Like where can I be you're killin' me with your jealousy
Now my ambition's to be free
I can't breathe, cause soon as I leave, it's like a trap
I hear you callin' me to come back, I'm a sucka for love

What you won’t do, do for love?
You tried everything, but you don’t give up
What you won’t do, do for love?
You tried everything, but you don’t give up
Just when I thought I broke away and I'm feelin' happy
You try to trap me say you pregnant and guess who the daddy
Don’t wanna fall for it, but in this case what could I do? So now I’m back
To makin promises to you, tryin' to keep it true
What if I’m wrong, a trick to keep me holdin on
Tryin’ to be strong and in the process, keep you goin'
I’m 'bout to lose my composure, I’m gettin’ close
To packin’ up and leavin’ notes, and gettin’ ghost
Tell me who knows, a peaceful place where I can go
To clear my head I’m feelin' low, losin’ control
My heart is sayin’ leave, oh, what a tangled web we weave
When we conspire to conceive, and now
You gettin’ calls at the house, guess you cheatin’
That’s all I need to hear, 'cause I’m leavin’, I’m out the door
Never no more will you see me, this is the end
'Cause now I know you’ve been cheatin', I’m a sucka for love
What you won’t do, do for love?
You tried everything, but you don’t give up
What you won’t do, do for love?
You tried everything, but you don’t give up

Now he left you with scars, tears on your pillow and you still stay
As you sit and pray, hoping the beatings’ll go away
It wasn’t always a hit-and-run relationship
It used to be love, happiness and companionship
Remember when I treated you good
I moved you up to the hills, out the ills of the ghetto hood
Me and you a happy home, when it was on
I had a love to call my own
I should've seen you was trouble but I was lost, trapped in your eyes
Preoccupied with gettin’ tossed, no need to lie
You had a man and I knew it, you told me
Don’t worry 'bout it, we can do it now I’m under pressure
Make a decision, 'cause I’m waitin’, when I’m alone
I’m on the phone havin’ secret conversations, huh
I wanna take your misery, replace it with happiness
But I need your faith in me, I’m a sucka for love
What you won’t do, do for love?
You tried everything, but you don’t give up
What you won’t do, do for love?
You tried everything, but you don’t give up

What you won’t do, do for love
You tried everything, but you don’t give up
What you won’t do, do for love
You tried everything, but you don’t give up
What you won’t do, (Do for love)
You tried everything, but you don’t give up
What you won’t do, (Do for love)
You tried everything, but you don’t give up
Do for love, yeah baby yeah
Do for love50EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Uh, hit 'em with a little ghetto gospel

Those who wish to follow me
(My ghetto gospel)
I welcome with my hands
And the red sun sinks at last
Into the hills of gold
And peace to this young warrior
Without the sound of guns

If I could recollect before my hood days
I sit and reminisce, thinkin' of bliss and the good days
I stop and stare at the younger
My heart goes to 'em
They tested with stress that they under
And nowadays, things change
Everyone's ashamed of the youth 'cause the truth look strange
And for me, it's reversed
We left 'em a world that's cursed, and it hurts
‘Cause any day, they'll push the button
And all good men like Malcolm X or Bobby Hutton died for nothin'
Don't it make you get teary? The world looks dreary
When you wipe your eyes, see it clearly
There's no need for you to fear me
If you take your time to hear me
Maybe you can learn to cheer me
It ain't about black or white, ‘cause we human
I hope we see the light before it's ruined
My ghetto gospel
Those who wish to follow me
(Ghetto gospel)
I welcome with my hands
And the red sun sinks at last
Into the hills of gold
And peace to this young warrior
Without the sound of guns

Tell me, do you see that old lady? Ain't it sad?
Livin' out of bag, but she's glad for the little things she has
And over there, there's a lady, crack got her crazy
Guess who's givin' birth to a baby?
I don't trip or let it fade me
From out of the fryin' pan, we jump into another form of slavery
Even now, I get discouraged
Wonder, if they take it all back, will I still keep the courage?
I refuse to be a role model
I set goals, take control, drink out my own bottles
I make mistakes, but learn from every one
And when it's said and done, I bet this brother be a better one
If I upset you, don't stress
Never forget that God isn't finished with me yet
I feel His hand on my brain
When I write rhymes, I go blind and let the Lord do his thang
But am I less holy
'Cause I choose to puff a blunt and drink a beer with my homies?
Before we find world peace
We gotta find peace and end the war in the streets
My ghetto gospel
Those who wish to follow me
(Yeah, ghetto gospel)
I welcome with my hands
And the red sun sinks at last
Into the hills of gold
And peace to this young warrior
Without the sound of guns

Lord, can you hear me speak?
To pay the price of bein' hellbound99EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy