I don't know, dude
I think everybody's all jealous and shit
‘Cause I'm, like, the lead singer of the band, dude
And I think everybody's got a fucking problem with me, dude
And they need to take it up with me after the show, because

These chicks don't even know the name of my band
But they're all on me like they wanna hold hands
‘Cause once I blow, they know that I'll be the man
All because I'm the lead singer of my band

So I get off stage, right? Drop the mic
Walk up to these hot chicks, and I'm all like:
"Sup, ladies? My name's Slim Shady
I'm the lead singer of D12, baby"
They're all like, "Oh my God, it's him
Becky, oh my fucking God, it's Eminem
I swear to fucking God, dude, you fucking rock
Please, Marshall, please, let me suck your cock"
Now by now, the rest of the fellas get jealous
Especially when I drop the beat and do my a capellas
All the chicks start yelling, all the hot babes
Throw their bras and their shirts and their panties on stage
So, like every single night, they pick a fight with me
But when we fight, it's kinda like sibling rivalry
‘Cause they're back on stage the next night with me
Dude, I just think they're tryna steal the light from me
Yesterday, Kuniva tried to pull a knife on me
‘Cause I told him Jessica Alba's my wife-to-be
This rock star shit is the life for me
And all the other guys just despise me, because these
These chicks don't even know the name of my band
But they're all on me like they wanna hold hands
‘Cause once I blow, they know that I'll be the man
All because I'm the lead singer of my band

My band, my band
My band, my band
My band, my band
My band, my band
My band
Baby, yeah

Alright, alright, alright, give me the mic, man
Okay, dawg, give—come on
Dude!
Give me this mic!
Ow, dude!

You just wanna see a nigga backwards, don't you? (Uh-huh)
ADAT? How come we don't rap on Pro Tools? (God dang)
Smash these vocals and do a performance
But we in the van (Uh-huh) and he in a tour bus (Ha)
You don't want my autograph, you's a liar
And no, I'm Swift, "Oh, I thought you were Kuniva" (Come on!)
And what the hell is wrong with our dressing room?
‘Cause our shit is looking smaller than a decimal
See, I know how to rap (Uh-huh,) it's simple, but
All I did was read a Russell Simmons book (Yeah)
So I'm more intact, tryin' to get on the map
Doing jumping jacks while getting whipped on my back
Look at Em's little punk ass, thinking he the shit
Yeah, I know, man, by himself, taking all the flicks
Hey, I thought we had an interview with DJ Clue?
No, I had an interview, not you two
You gon' be late for soundcheck! Man, I ain't going to soundcheck
And our mics are screwed up! And his always sound best
You know what, man? I'ma say somethin'
Ayo Em! You got somethin' to say? Man, nuttin'
I thought you was about to tell him off, man, wassup?
Man, I'ma tell him when I feel like it, man, shut up
And you ain't even back me up and we supposed to be crew
Man, I was about to talk right after you, I swear
Aww, man, whatever I swear, man!

These chicks don't even know the name of my band
But they're all on me like they wanna hold hands
‘Cause once I blow, they know that I'll be the man
All because I'm the lead singer of my band

They say the lead singers rock, but the group does not
Went from sold out arenas to amusement parks
How I'm gon' let the world know that Proof is hot?
I should cut his mic off when the music starts
(Ayo—) Ready to snap on a dumbass fan
Every time I hear, "Hey, dude, I love your band!"
We ain't a band, bitch, we don't play instruments
So why he get 90 and we only get 10 percent?
And these guys acting funny every area code
Proof, carry my bag! Bitch, carry your own
Can't make it to the stage, security in my way
Who the fuck are you? Where's Obie and Dre?
God damn it, I'm sick of this group (Fuck D12)
Time for me to go solo and make some loot (Yeah)
I told you I made the beats and wrote all the raps
'Til Kon Artis slipped me some crack (Take this)
"Lose Yourself" video, I was in the back
"Superman" video, uh, I was in the back (Hahaha)
For the media, I got some suggestions
Fuck Marshall, ask us some questions
Like, "Who is D12?" "How we get started?"
(But what about Eminem?) Bitch, are you retarded?
Anyway, I'm the popularest guy in the group
Big-ass stomach, bitches think I'm cute (Hey sexy!)
50 told me to do sit-ups to get buff
Did two and a half and couldn't get up
Fuck D12, I'm outta this band
I'm 'bout to start a group with The Real Roxanne

Girl, why can't you see you're the only one for me?
And it just tears my ass apart
To know that you don't know my name

Man, fuck this

These chicks don't even know the name of my band (Haha)
But they're all on me like they wanna hold hands (Fuck Marshall)
‘Cause once I blow, I know that I'll be the man (Yeah)
All because I'm the new singer—

My band, my band (Your band)
My band, my band (Our band, your band)
My band, my band (You man, you man)
My band, my band, my band (Roxanne Shanté, you lesbian)
Yeah, hey y'all, the hardest boy band in the world, D12!
I'm the lead singer of my band
I get all the girls to take off their underpants
I'm the lead singer of my band
My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance
My salsa, woah, woah, woah
Look out for my next single, it's called "My Salsa"
My salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa
My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance
And take off their underpants
My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance
And take off their underpants
My salsa
Where'd everybody go?96EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Uh
Yo, yo, yo, yo

I take a couple uppers
I down a couple downers
But nothin' compares
To these blue and yellow purple pills
I been to mushroom mountain
Once or twice, but who's countin'?
But nothin' compares
To these blue and yellow purple pills

Cool, calm, just like my mom
With a couple of Valium inside her palm
It's Mr. Mischief with a trick up his sleeve
To roll up on you like Christopher Reeves
I can't describe the vibe I get
When I drive by six people and five I hit (Whoops!)
Aw shit, I started a mosh pit
Squashed a bitch and stomped her foster kids
These shrooms make me hallucinate
Then I sweat 'til I start losin' weight
'Til I see dumb shit start happenin'
Dumber than Vanilla Ice tryin' to rap again
So bounce, bounce! Come on, bounce!
*Gunshots* I said come on, bounce!
Everybody in the house with a half an ounce (Me!)
Not weed, I meant coke; dumb-ass, sit down! (Oh)
We don't bullshit, better ask around
D12 throws the bombest bash in town
Bizarre, your mom is passin' out
Get her ass on the couch 'fore she crashes out (Come on)
Fuck that, someone help Denaun
He's upstairs naked with a weapon drawn
Hey Von, you see me steppin' on these leprechauns?
It gotta be acid 'cause the X is gone
Yeah, I took 'em all, dawg, with some Parmesan
And I think my arm is gone — No, it's probably numb
Young, dumb, and full of cum
And I think he 'bout to swallow his tongue
Scary-ass, it was a false alarm
You think I'm 'bout to die when I just got on?
Well, stop actin' stupid; you so high
That you might wake up with a guy on some new shit
Yeah, I think I did too much (Huh-uh)
This substance equals cuffs (Huh-uh)
Red pills, blue pills, and green
Big pills — (That's ill!) — Mescaline

I take a couple uppers
I down a couple downers
But nothin' compares
To these blue and yellow purple pills
I been to mushroom mountain
Once or twice, but who's countin'?
But nothin' compares
To these blue and yellow purple pills
Dirty Dozen, eighty of us
Shady brothers, ladies love us
That's why our baby mothers
Love us but they hate each other
They probably wanna take each other
Out and date each other
Some, some, some
Somethin'... I don't know

Pop pills, pills I pop
Pop two pills, on stilts I walk
Snort two lines that were filled with chalk
Thought I was incredible and killed the Hulk
I wanna roll away like a rollerblade
Until my eyes roll back in my skull for days
And when I'm old and gray look for dope to smoke?
No? Okey-doke, I'm packin' my nose with coke
(*Coughing*) Am I supposed to choke?
Had an accident when the Trojan broke
Ah, poor baby, born by a whore lady
Now I gotta strangle an {infant} (You're crazy!)

I pop four E's at one time
And I don't need water when I'm swallowin' mine
(Hey, you got any shrooms?) Does Bizarre smoke crack?
We can't get jobs, 'cause our arms show tracks
Why the hell you niggas think I rap?
We do it just to get your company hijacked
If you like smack, then I might too
(Swift, chill!) I just wanna get high like you
And I don't give a damn if they white or blue (Huh-uh)
Speed, shrooms, down the Valiums (Huh-uh)
Even smoke weed out of vacuums
I just copped some and I'm goin' back soon
I take a couple uppers
I down a couple downers
But nothin' compares
To these blue and yellow purple pills
I been to mushroom mountain
Once or twice, but who's countin'?
But nothin' compares
To these blue and yellow purple pills

I'm at a rave, lookin' like a slave
High off chronic
Gin and tonic demonic
Body smell like vomit
Pussy poppin', acid droppin'
Dope-heady guy
Heroin mescaline
Pencil leads, wanna try?
Blue pills, golden seals
Got Bizarre actin' ill
Drugs kill (Yeah, right)
Bitch, I'm for real!
Shut yo' mouth, you dirty slut
You know you want it in your butt
I'll put it in your cunt
Let Bizarre nut!

I take a couple uppers
I down a couple downers
But nothin' compares
To these blue and yellow purple pills
I been to mushroom mountain
Once or twice, but who's countin'?
But nothin' compares
To these blue and yellow purple pills

Dirty Dozen, eighty of us
Shady brothers, ladies love us
That's why our baby mothers
Love us but they hate each other
They probably wanna take each other
Out and date each other
Some, some, some
Somethin'... I don't know56EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
This kind of music, use it, and you get amped to do shit
Whenever you hear some shit and you can't refuse it
It's just some shit for these kids to trash they rooms with
Just refuse whenever they asked to do shit
The type of shit that you don't have to ask who produced it
You just know that's the new shit
The type of shit that causes mass-confusion
And drastic movement of people actin' stupid

I come to every club with intention to do harm
With a prosthetic arm and smellin' like Boone's Farm
Hidin' under tables as soon as I hear alarms
Paranoid thief that'll steal from his own mom
Kunivin' Kon Artis with a bomb
Strapped to my stomach, screamin', "Let's get it on!"
A lush that love to drink, drunk-drivin' a tank
Rollin' over a bank, cops see me and faint
It's drastic, I'm past my limit of coke
I think I'll up my high by slittin' your throat
Push your baby carriage into the street 'til it's mince meat
Your mens been beat the minute I step onto your street
This is fight music

You know why my hands are so numb? (No?)
'Cause my grandmother sucked my dick and I didn't cum
(Oh) Smacked this whore for talkin' crap
So what if she's handicapped?
The bitch said Bizarre couldn't rap
I fuckin' hate you, I'll take your drawers down and rape you
While Dr. Dre videotapes you (Hell yeah!)
Satan done got me on this song, eatin' a hot dog
Readin' the Holy Qur'an while I'm on the john
Tired of wearin' this yellow thong
Take it back, Sisqo, you know where it belongs
Now, here's a gun, I'll put it in your palm
Now go over there and blow up Dru Hill's arms
Fuck the love songs!
This kind of music, use it, and you get amped to do shit
Whenever you hear some shit and you can't refuse it
It's just some shit for these kids to trash they rooms with
Just refuse whenever they asked to do shit
The type of shit that you don't have to ask who produced it
You just know that's the new shit
The type of shit that causes mass-confusion
And drastic movement of people actin' stupid

Just bring who you gon' bring on
Who you gon' swing on
I'm King Kong, guns blow you to kingdom-come
Show you machine gun funk
Sixteen M16's, one pump
The snub in my paw, shove it in your jaws
Have you runnin' out this fuckin' club in your drawers
We lovin' the brawls; there's nothin' to applaud
But fuck it, it's all good
The hood is up in us all; it's fight music

I'm a nigga that loves scuffles
And won't hesitate to sock you again with swollen knuckles
I'm like that, catch a nigga like bear traps
Blow his head back
Right in front of the precinct (You hear that?)
I slap your freak, bump you and won't speak
If you step on my feet, you get drowned in your own drink
I suffocated my shrink just for talkin'
Came back and fucked up his pallbearers
And made them drop his coffin; it's fight music
These beads I'm swingin' is stingin' them
See all these niggas?
When I step in the club I'm bringin' them
If any nigga lookin' too hard, we Rodney King'n them
Malice Greening them
And gasolinin' them with premium
Light a cigarette, flick it at 'em, or spit it at 'em
Hold up a picture of his family and kick it at him
Blast while you right-hookin', right when your wife's lookin'
Fuck fight music, bitch, this is losing-your-life music

If I could capture the rage of today's youth and bottle it
Crush the glass with my bare hands and swallow it
And spit it back in the faces of you racists
And hypocrites who think the same shit but don't say shit
You Liberaces, Versaces, and you Nazis
Watch me, 'cause you figured you got me in this hot seat
You motherfuckers wanna judge me 'cause you're not me
You'll never stop me, I'm top speed and you pop me
I came to save these new generations of babies
From parents who failed to raise them 'cause they're lazy
To grow to praise me, I'm makin' them go crazy
That's how I got this whole nation to embrace me
And you fugazi if you think I'ma admit wrong
I cripple any hypocritic critic I'm sicked on
And this song is for any kid who gets picked on
A sick song to retaliate to, and it's called—
This kind of music, use it, and you get amped to do shit
Whenever you hear some shit and you can't refuse it
It's just some shit for these kids to trash they rooms with
Just refuse whenever they asked to do shit
The type of shit that you don't have to ask who produced it
You just know that's the new shit
The type of shit that causes mass-confusion
And drastic movement of people actin' stupid
It's fight music78EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
The rap game, hip hop 101
The hardest 9-to-5 you'll ever have
You can't learn this shit in no history book
You ready to rap, motherfucker?
You ready to sell your soul?
Ha-ha-ha-ha, the rap game, motherfucker!

I'm a disrupted nigga, you made me crazy
You should've slayed me as a baby, behavin' shadier
Than Wes Craven and you ain't even gotta pay me
I take pleasure of layin' a nigga down daily
You face me, drunk or sober, you’ll faint fast
I'm never fucked up to where I can't whoop yo' ass
Your neck'll get snapped with bare hands; fuck music
Is he rappin'? It's cool, but fools, just don't confuse it
What happens: these dudes get rude, then I lose it
I'm scandalous, I'll blow your two kids off the atlas
With a gat that's bigger than Godzilla's back, nigga
You are not realer, in fact, you'll feel the effects
Of a crack dealer, y'all presidents sends me smack
And got a MAC-10 with it, so I ain't gotta rap
But I'm thankful for that, don't mistaken me, black
Or you'll be stankin' in the back of a fuckin' Cadillac
I'ma get snuffed, ‘cause I ain't said enough to pipe down
I'll pipe down when the White House gets wiped out
When I see that little Cheney dyke get sniped out
Lights out, bitch, adiós, goodnight *gunshot* (Ah!)
Now put that in your little pipe and bite down
Think for a minute, ‘cause the hype just died down
That I won't go up in the Oval Office right now
And flip whatever ain't tied down upside down
I'm all for America; fuck the government
Tell that C. Delores Tucker slut to suck a dick
Motherfucker ducked, what the fuck? Son of a bitch
Take away my gun, I'm gonna tuck some other shit
Can't tell me shit about the tricks of this trade
Switchblade with a little switch to switch blades
And switch from a six to a sixteen-inch blade
Shit's like a samurai sword; a sensei
Shit just don't change to this day
I'm this way, still tell that ut-slay itch-bay
Uck-say my ick-day, 'scuse my ig-pay atin-lay
But uck-fay you ig-pay (50!)

This rap game, this rap game (Yeah)
I ain't sellin' my soul for this rap game
And I ain't diggin' no hole for this rap game
Man, I'm tellin' you: no, it ain't happenin'
This rap game, this rap game
I ain't sellin' my soul for this rap game
I ain't diggin' no hole for this rap game
This rap game, this rap game
I bet you'd rather me drink and drown in my own inequity
But fuck that! I'ma rap 'til y'all all get sick of me
And clutch my nut sack and spit all who pick at me
A pitt and rott mix, fuck the dogs you sic on me
I'm sayin' you motherfuckers don't know us, quit playin'
If I'm broke, then I'm breakin' up in the place where you layin'
You know, same shit every nigga done in his life
I look at this, why speak on what I want when I write?
So why should I ever fear another man
If he bleed like I bleed, take a piss and he stand?
Okay, you win, you can say we can't rap
But no Source never made me not buy an album when they say it was wack

I walk in that party and just start bustin'
Right after I hear the last verse of "Self Destruction"
This liquor makes me wanna blast the chrome
To let you know the time without Morris Day and Jerome (Nigga)
I'm low down and shifty, quickly call Swifty
To do a drive-by on the tenth speed with 50
You're feelin' lucky? Squeeze, I catch you outside of
Chuck E. Cheese with your seed, you be an unlucky G
My lifestyle is unstable: a partyin' addict
They said, "No fighting in the club" – so I brought me a 'matic
Coughin' the static, I jump niggas; call me a rabbit
Poppin' the tablet and guns that saw you in half with
Believe me, we run this rap shit, fo' sheezy
Make makin' millions look easy
Everywhere you turn, you see me
You hear me, believe me
Before you see my pistol in 3D
No time to call a peace treaty
Dial 911, ‘cause you need the
Police to help you believe me

I snatch the chalk from the sidewalk and piss on the curb
This is absurd, these street niggas twistin' my words
We finally could say goodbye to Hollywood
'Cause Proof and Shyne, man, shit, nothing in common
The nastiest band with gats in each hand
We never bow down to be a flash in the pan
No remorse; fuck your stature, dog!
Nothing to do with hands when I clap at y'all
Put your jaw on the ground with the four and the pound
Then I'm gone outta town 'fore the law come around
So we can battle with raps, we can battle with gats
Matter of fact we can battle for plaques

This rap game

I'm too fuckin' retarded
I don't give a fuck about my dick
That's why I'm datin' Lorena Bobbitt
My crew had an argument, who was the largest
Now they all is dead and I roll as a solo artist
Plus I made the beats and wrote all the raps
Well, I really didn't, but I did according to this contract
I was thrown in the snow with nowhere to go
Freezin' 20 below, forced to join Bel Biv Devoe
My little girl, she shouldn't listen to these lyrics
That's why I glued her headphones to her ear
To make sure she hear it
If rap don't work, I'm startin' a group with Garth Brooks
Hahahaha, 50, sing the hook!

This rap game, this rap game (Yeah)
I ain't sellin' my soul for this rap game
And I ain't diggin' no hole for this rap game
Man, I'm tellin' you: no, it ain't happenin'
This rap game, this rap game
I ain't sellin' my soul for this rap game
I ain't diggin' no hole for this rap game
This rap game, this rap game

Yeah, yeah, yeah46EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
So I changed, huh?
You got a phone
Pick it up, call me

How come we don't even talk no more?
And you don't even call no more?
We don't barely keep in touch at all
And I don't even feel the same love when we hug no more
And I heard it through the grapevine, we even beefing now
After all the years we've been down
Ain't no way, no how, this bullshit can't be true
We family, ain't a damn thing changed, unless it's you

We were so young, so full of life and vibrance
Side by side, wherever you was riding, I went
So close, almost on some Bonnie and Clyde shit
When Ronnie died, you was right by my side
With a shoulder to cry on and tissue to wipe my eyes
And a bucket to catch every tear I cried inside it
You even had the same type of childhood I did
Sometimes I just wanna know why is it
That you succame to yours and mine, I survived it
You ran the streets, I nine-to-fived it
We grew up, grew apart as time went by us
Then I blew up, to both yours and mines surprises
Now I feel a vibe, I just can't describe it
Much as your pride tries to hide it
You're cold, your touch is just like ice
And your eyes is a look of resentment
I can sense it and I don't like it
How come we don't even talk no more?
And you don't even call no more?
We don't barely keep in touch at all
And I don't even feel the same love when we hug no more
And I heard it through the grapevine, we even beefing now
After all the years we've been down
Ain't no way, no how, this bullshit can't be true
We family, ain't a damn thing changed, unless it's you

It was my dream at first to be off spitting a verse
On my own album with a deal, but shit got worse
'Fore I came out, I woulda killed a nigga first
'Fore I let him disrespect me, or check me over some worrisome
Bitch that I wasn't with, I woulda hit it and quit
But you were planning to talk with her and tell her she was the shit
I told you don't get involved with her
You would smoke in the car with her
Coming out of the bar with her, stumbling, half-drunk
Like y'all was husband and wife or something
But me catching her fuckin' other niggas
Must've hurt your pride or something
'Cause you woof off at the mouth to people
Like you want it with me
When all I tried to do was show you that your bitch was shifty
And ever since the fans and all the shit that I produced
You acting like I ain't your mans and lying like she can't be loose
But I am really your friend, I'm just trying to tell you the truth
Don't hate the game or the player, the one that's changing is you
How come we don't even talk no more?
And you don't even call no more?
We don't barely keep in touch at all
And I don't even feel the same love when we hug no more
And I heard it through the grapevine, we even beefing now
After all the years we've been down
Ain't no way, no how, this bullshit can't be true
We family, ain't a damn thing changed, unless it's you

It gets lonely at the top 'cause my homie had to stop
Now we acting like I gotta live only for the block
And homies in the hood only see me on the tube
So they gossip on the porch, get to speaking all rude
Fools I used to rap with all expect magic
Like my finger get to snapping and poof, it just happen
But Proof is just acting out the part he was thrown
Shady made it so my babies ain't starving at home
See the devil in your glance, since the ghetto, we been friends
Forever real intelligence, that's forever till the end
I peep the hatreds in your eyes and the Satan in your lies
Ain't wasting my time with these snakes in disguise
How come when you talk, it's with bitter and spite?
And how come it was my fault for what you did with your life?
And every time I go to hear you and play, you look away
We barely embrace, you can't even look me in my face
How come we don't even talk no more?
And you don't even call no more?
We don't barely keep in touch at all
And I don't even feel the same love when we hug no more
And I heard it through the grapevine, we even beefing now
After all the years we've been down
Ain't no way, no how, this bullshit can't be true
We family, ain't a damn thing changed, unless it's you21EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
I'm the devil, if ever there was such a thing
The results of much too many drugs what you're seeing
I'm a mindfuck, completely dis-(gu-uh-uh)-sting
I'm (what) a human mutt, fuck a being
I'm a dog, fuck lambs, I'm silencing 'em all
I'm involved in murders forensic science couldn't solve
Giant set of balls too big to buy a set of drawers
Might as well unzip my fly and let 'em fall to the floor
Each thought's completely warped
I'm like a walking, talking Ouija board
Speaking in tongues, I've never spoke this speech before
Hhem-delle-la, ennich-me-noughh-mi-niche-mick-norrf
Have you ever experienced spirits in lyrics when you hear 'em
'Til you scared to stare into any mirrors when you near 'em?
Well if so, get ready for some shit yo
"Is this some kind of sick joke?" Shit no, motherfucking schizo
So disturbed, he just goes so berserk, he tiptoes
Fist first with scissors to slit throats of just hoes
Just goes to shizzow you dizzon't fizzuck with
So-someone this disturbed, sa-sippin on si-zzurp
So lock your doors, drop to the floors
Get your shotguns drawn, here comes another Clockwork Orange
Look at Bizarre, you really think he's right in his mind?
What the fuck you think's goin' through it when he's writin' his rhyme?
You 'bout to journey into the mind of a psychopath killer
Blood spiller, mentality much iller
Than you could ever imagine in your wildest dreams
You'll feel his pain in his silent screams
You 'bout to journey into the mind of a psychopath killer
Blood spiller, mentality much iller
Than you could ever imagine in your wildest dreams
You'll feel his pain in his violent screams

It's Friday night, I'm at a rave again
Picking up transvestites on my Harley-Davidson (hey hop on)
My girlfriend's a crackhead whore
She'll come to your door, suck your dick on the floor
And take your bottles to the store (nigga, I'm takin these)
Have you ever seen a bitch get beat because she won't cheat
Run the street and suck another nigga's meat?
My son's sixteen years old with nowhere to stay (dad it's me)
I told him he wasn't mine, slammed the door in his face
And I ain't got no food, my job I've been cheated
My girlfriend had a miscarriage (I'm sorry) I had to eat it (ohh)
My dick is burning, it ain't cause of disease
Because I'm jacking off with gasoline mixed with antifreeze (AHH!)
I'm living in Waco, Texas, me and my girl
Fuck David Koresh, I'm starting my own world
It's called Bizarre Cemetery, it's scary
Eating a virgin's cherry; they're all gonna laugh at you, Carrie!
Journey into the mind of a psychopath killer
Blood spiller, mentality much iller
Than you could ever imagine in your wildest dreams
You'll feel his pain in his silent screams
You 'bout to journey into the mind of a psychopath killer
Blood spiller, mentality much iller
Than you could ever imagine in your wildest dreams
You'll feel his pain in his violent screams

I was born feet first, smoke 40's and drink weed
The Lord rehearsed my birth, I'm the worst breed
Of nigga you ever set sight on, my right arm's
Got more power than 5 of Ivan Drago's pythons so
"Journey into the mind of a psychopath killer"
Light yo' ass like a liquid nitro-gas spiller
Psycho slash Michael Myers, Michael Jack's "Thriller"
Rifle slash knife faggot that's your "Cop Killer"
As a yung'un, I was beat where I was living (aight)
Cross-dressed just to get thrown in the women's prison
I guess I was just stressed to be a hoodlum
Being pressed caused the stress that caused the Ritalin
Pressed stressed and Ritalin caused the cop's feelings
To be hurt after they seen what I did to those children
I'm vulgaric, you Bo Derek, I throw you face flat off the terrace
So you can have somethin' to stare at
Journey into the mind of a psychopath killer
Blood spiller, mentality much iller
Than you could ever imagine in your wildest dreams
You'll feel his pain in his silent screams
You 'bout to journey into the mind of a psychopath killer
Blood spiller, mentality much iller
Than you could ever imagine in your wildest dreams
You'll feel his pain in his silent screams24EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
I'll shit on you, ha
Da-da, da-da
Da-da, I'll shit on you
Da-da, da-da
Da-da, I'll shit on you
Da-da, da-da
Da-da, I'll shit on you
Da-da, da-da
Da-da, I'll shit on you (Haha)
I will shit on you
I'll shit on you
Girl you know, it's true
I'll shit on you
Bitch or man, or dude
I'll shit on you
I will shit on you (Swifty McVay)

I remain
Fatter than gluttony, tapin' bombs on the back of record companies (Uh-huh)
Blow 'em up if they ain't wantin' me
The National Guards, they scared of huntin' me
I love beef; I got you hoes ducking me
A drug thief, bitch, I'll take your marijuana
These slugs'll keep your ass away from my corner
I drown niggas in hundred-degree saunas
You can act a fool if ya wanna (Bitch)
It's this lyrical piranha, strapped with a grenade
In the pool with ya mama, attack her by the legs (Uh-huh)
Then I pull her to the bottom (Yeah,) Swift's nuttin' up like a condom
Slappin' if you fuckers got a problem
When I see 'em (Uh-huh,) you hoes ending up in a fuckin' mausoleum
Or hidden in the trunk of a black and gold BM (Bitch)
Pull in the garage while you screamin' (Uh-huh)
Keep the motor on then I'm leavin', I'll shit on you
I will shit on you I don't care who you are
I'll shit on you
I don't give a fuck about you or your car
I'll shit on you
Fuck your house, fuck your jewel'ry and fuck your watch
I'll shit on you
Fuck your wife, fuck your kids, fuck your family
I'll s...

I'm a alcoholic, where's the fucking toilet?
Pass the hot dog (Bizarre aren't you Islamic?)
Bitch, shut your fucking mouth, I'ma keep eatin' 'til Richard Simmons
Comes to my house with a chainsaw to cut me out ()
I'll fuck your wife; I had sex since I met her
Too busy fuckin' a twelve-year-old baby sitter (Hehehe)
And all women ain't shit
Only good for cookin', cleanin', and suckin' dick, and that's it (I said it)
I'm responsible for killin' John Candy
Got Jon Benet Ramsey in my '98 Camry (She's lost)
I don't give a fuck who you are
I'll shit on anybody; truly yours, the idiotic Bizarre

My adolescent years weren't shit to what I do now
I never grew up, I was born grown and grew down
The older I get, the dumber the shit I get in
The more ignorant, the incident is I fit in
Ignoring the shit how boring it gets
When there's no one to hit, I don't know when to quit throwin' a fit (Nope)
I know I'm a bit flaky, but they make me
It's they who egged me and say they can take me (Come on)
It's they who legs I break and make achy
'Cause they who mistake me make me so angry
(I'll shit on you!) I'll spit on you
Start pissin' and do the opposite on you
You weren't listenin', I said I'll cop a squat on you
Start spilling my guts like chicken cordon bleu and
Straight shit like Notorious B.I.G. did to that bitch
On his skit on his last album, pull my pants down and
I will shit on you I don't care who you are
I'll shit on you
I don't give a fuck about you or your car
I'll shit on you
Fuck your house, fuck your jewel'ry and fuck your watch
I'll shit on you
Fuck your wife, fuck your kids, fuck your family
I'll shit on you

Is Richard Pryor still alive?
If not I'm sicker than he was prior to him dyin' (What?!)
Born brainless, this steel ain't stainless
Your bloodstains are all over this steel god dang-it
Bitch, bring it, these niggas that I hang with'll
Hang you up naked by your ankles danglin' (Come on, let me down)
My need I stay strangling, I don't need your help
If you won't give me the pussy, I don't loosen my belt (I'll shit on you!)
I'm what your daddy's not, your mom's kinda cock
Your sister's teen crush, your aunt's supply of rocks
Buck fifty cross your neck
Floss your TEC; I'll beat you wit' it across your chest

Yo, it's only right I jack your car keys and run
Spent all of my advancements on weed and guns
For fun, when I'm drunk, I'll run a truck through the weed house
Jump out and beat ya peeps down worse than Steve Stoute
Put you in chokeholds I learned last week
From the Police man who caught me stealing weed from his jeep
(Hey, hey, hey!) I see hoes biting, y'all don't wanna brawl
That's like Deebo fighting Peabo Bryson (I'll shit on you)
Fuck what you hollerin' and yellin' about
I'll reach in your mouth and pull your fuckin' skeleton out
Niggas get hit wit' a two piece (Bling bling)
Wit' a poisonous sting, I'm such a violent thing
I will shit on you I don't care who you are
I'll shit on you
I don't give a fuck about you or your car
I'll shit on you
Fuck your house, fuck your jewel'ry and fuck your watch
I'll shit on you
Fuck your wife, fuck your kids, fuck your family
I'll shit on you

Once I get on two
Hits of ex' my disk slips and disconnects
'Til I walk around this bitch with a twisted neck
But still shit on the first bitch who disrespects
(C'mon, I'll shit on you) Over reaction is my only reaction
Which only sets off a chain reaction
It puts five more zany actin' maniacs in action
A Rat Pack in black jackets who pack ten
Nine millimeters, five criminals pulling heaters
And spilling liters of blood like swimming pools
Shiesty individuals shoot at bitches too
A lot of people say misogynistic which is true
I don't deny it, matter of fact I stand by it
So please stand by as I start up a damn riot
If you don't wanna get stampeded then stand quiet (Get back)
Boy, girl, dog, woman, man, child, I'll shit on you

I will shit on you I don't care who you are
I'll shit on you
I don't give a fuck about you or your car
I'll shit on you
Fuck your house, fuck your jewel'ry and fuck your watch
I'll shit on you
I will fuck your wife if you fuck with me (Psst)
I'll shit on you

You heard me (Haha)
Bitch, I'll shit on you
D12 will shit on you
Your life, your wife, your kids, your car
I'll shit on you
Your house, your spouse, your rings, your things
I'll shit on you
I'll shit on you
I'll shit on you17EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
I don't wanna go to school, I don't need no education!
(We don't need no education)
I don't wanna be like you, I don't wanna save the nation! (daddy no!)
I just wanna live my life, every day a celebration!
(We don't need no thought control)
One day I'mma leave this world, I'm waiting for the revelation!

I wanna kill myself! I'm still debating
In front of a Baptist church masturbating, praying to Satan
Think I'm crazy 'cause I smoke crack
Live on B with the mac in a two family flat (fuck it)
Tired of getting hit in the face with a broom
My moms on her period, my dad's in my room (Daddy no!)
I got ten rocks and I need to get out
I sold them in five minutes, at my own damn house (Moms smoke crack)
My poor grandmother, God bless her soul
The bitch got AIDS (aww) she just waiting to die of a cold (hahaha)
There's three things that keep me from being a Nazi:
I'm black, a fag, and my dad's Liberace

No matter how bad the beating, I went to school cheating
My dad whooped my ass at a PTA meeting
Skipping school I had to have nuts just to do it
Got bored and became truant
When I had the gall to go I just couldn't do it
I was lured into corners by the peer pressure shit
How would you feel if you was held by the tip of a barrel
Getting threatened to get your skin ripped to bone marrow
Bet suburban kids never got rushed for their apparel
Like me, outcast, last to class
First to leave, when the teacher called on me
Best believe I had something up my sleeve
I've been praised and labeled as crazed
My mother was unable to raise me, full of crazy rage
An angry teenager, nothing can change me back
Gangsta rap made me act like a maniac
I was boosting, so influenced by music I used it
As an excuse to do shit, ooh I was stupid
No one can tell me nothing hip-hop overwhelmed me
To the point where it had me in a whole 'nother realm
It was like isolating myself was healthy
It felt like we was on welfare but wealthy
Compelled me to excel when school had failed me
Expelled me and when the principal would tell me
I was nothing, and I wouldn't amount to shit
I made my first million and counted it
Now look at, a fucking drop-out that quit
Stupid as shit, rich as fuck, and proud of it
That's why

I don't wanna go to school, I don't need no education!
(We don't need no education)
I don't wanna be like you, I don't wanna save the nation! (daddy no!)
I just wanna live my life, everyday a celebration!
(I don't need no self control)
One day I'mma leave this world, I'm waiting for the revelation!
I was raised with a rifle and mask
Steadily beating my psychiatrist's ass just for asking about my past
(bitch) I was never on that punk shit; fucking around
Can get your beloved abducted, smothered in blood quick
You couldn't pay Swift to give a fuck
Was crazy like my father, it must've been poison in that nigga's nut
Far as probation, fuck peeing in cups
I violate at any time, let them see the blunt
I grew up steadily masturbating inside of cells
Young as hell, having conversations with myself
You could tell I wasn't lenient, a disobedient
Lynched and slapped teachers, bitch I'm not reading it
You don't know what dogs go through, a little nigga
Sipping liquor with my old dude, what the fuck you gon' do?
I'm quick to curse you, I told my mother that I'mma hurt you
If you ever again mention that curfew

Look, my family ignores me and I don't like that
They don't even listen when I tell them I'll be right back
(Yeah whatever) This nice beautiful house ma, it don't mean shit
Cause you know daddy's a drunk and he don't clean shit
And yesterday he hit me like a grown fucking man
I couldn't stand up to him, I just ducked and ran
I'm sick of this, I wish on Christmas
That I can get a loaded four-fifth and put a fucking end to this
(Fuck it) I got no friends and I can't get a bitch
Only thing I have is dirty magazines and sticky fingertips
Nothing to smile about, I'm about to lose my mind
Got me an automatic nine, now I'm wilding out
When school's over, pu-pil are people to shoot through
Kids going cuckoo, with a two-two
Since my friend is this new dude, in this high school
Losing his noodle learn that people don't like you
The football jocks is, spitting on him
Popular kids in school is now picking on him
Burn out youngster niggas now hitting on him
And his teacher in his english class keep flipping on him
And now he's grounded with no allowances
For drinking forty ounces, 'cause he was caught by his counselors
And why the fuck I gotta ride the bench coach?
Already got expelled for wearing a trench coat
All I ever seen is... (Violence, violence...)
Told me to keep silent, stop battin' my eyelids
It's apparent that my parents weren't parents at all
That's why I blow out my brains and slaughter you all (Fuck you!)

I don't wanna go to school, I don't need no education!
(We don't need no education)
I don't wanna be like you, I don't wanna save the nation! (daddy no!)
I just wanna live my life, everyday a celebration!
(I don't need no self control)
One day I'mma leave this world, I'm waiting for the revelation!

If you don't eat your meat, how can you have any pudding?
How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?
If you don't eat your meat, you can't have any pudding!
You can't have any pudding if you don't eat your meat!13EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yeah, homie
I thought we told you, we been fucking loco
Cypress Hill, D12, bitch!

I'm a little bit off the chain, call me insane
But the fact remains that I'm a psycho
Better get it through your brain
When you say my name
Never say it in vain 'cause I'm a psycho

I'm a motherfucking omen, I bow down to no man
Split a nigga open, killing folks compulsive
A soldier with a motive, scrotum big as boulders
I hold 'em then unload on you, put it on a poster
So everyone can notice who was focused on us poking
They nose in our business, hoping that I don't come smoke 'em
No one knows my notions or emotions, I'm a vulture
You niggas close to croaking any moment and I know when
I could fuck the culture up, probably rap
A maniac with anxiety attacks, I don't wanna chat
Speak when you spoken to
And I don't have to read a fucking magazine or quotable
To notice what you hoes will do
We all soldiers, we move as a unit, we all roll up
And show up at your residence, light your front door up
Get scared, life ain't fair
And I'm prepared to blast you just as fast as Dre can say "Hell yeah!"
So watch what you say 'cause it can happen either today or the next minute
I can draw the heater and spray and I'm dead serious
You could be dead period, end of story
I'm on your porch with a gun and your son, sipping a forty
Nobody can hold me, I does it all by my lonely
I stomp your head when you awake, you be looking like Gumby
Aftermath and Shady, bitch, you can read it and weep
You see my poster in the 'hood for "the G of the Week"

I'm a little bit off the chain, call me insane
But the fact remains that I'm a psycho
Better get it through your brain
When you say my name
Never say it in vain 'cause I'm a psycho

They found Saddam, but they ain't gon' find me
I'll be under a tree in Buttfuck, Tennessee
And I don't know too much about my daddy
Except he spit in my face and fucked me in the fanny
I ain't a racist, I just hate whites
Fags and dykes, blacks and transvestites
Thirteen years old and joined a fucking gang
Hair under my ass cheeks feeling the fucking pain
Am I insane? Who really knows?
'Cause any second my temper can fucking blow
I get colder than December
Black the fuck out, tomorrow won't even remember
See Bizarre can show you what violence is all about
And this Dr. Dre beat done brought it the fuck out
Run in your house and put a gun in your mouth
And blow your brains the fuck out!
I probably got a screw loose or two
Or maybe three or four of 'em
Some fell out and hit the floor
All I know is ever since my fucking head hit the snowbank
I been a little neanderthalish, no thanks to my man D'Angelo Bailey
But I just take it slow daily, my biggest dilemma's
Trying to figure whether to use the flat head or the Phillips
Or just go to the Home Depot and pick the new power drill up
It's been two hours and six days and I'm still up
I feel like I'm about to snap any minute
There's a new Tower Records about to stop and get a fill-up
Pick the new Cypress Hill up
And go find who did that shit to Xzibit
And go fill up a whole liquor bottle with piss
And shatter his fucking lips with it

I'm a little bit off the chain, call me insane
But the fact remains that I'm a psycho
Better get it through your brain
When you say my name
Never say it in vain 'cause I'm a psycho

Karnail Pitts a.k.a. Bugz
Rest in peace, homie24EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
La la la la la la
La la la la, la
La la la la la la, la
Hahahahaha

It's shit like this I kick to these rich white kids
Who just might see how fucked up this sick life is
Oops, I did it again, didn't I?
My shit's harder to figure out than what Britney's tit size is
Ooh, I probably pissed you off again, didn't I, bitch?
So what? Christina Gaguilera better kiss my grits
You know how many shits I give? I wish I did
So I can quit giving these twisted little kids ideas
This just in: Britney just dissed Justin
She just fucked Ben, got tit-fucked and dick-sucked him
If Affleck can get his ass licked, how come I can't?
Shit, god damn, bitch, I'm rich, I can't understand this
Are those pictures I made of us together on the internet
As close as I'm ever gonna get to hitting it from the back?
And shit, when it comes to that, I hit harder from the back
Than Everlast when he's plugging Lethal in his fucking ass
Just give me one more chance, Britney hit me one more time
Let me know what's on your mind, Whitney give me one more line
To sniff, you fuckers know what time it is
Fuck your jewelry, my record's almost diamond, BEEOTCH!
What's going on in the world today?
People fighting, feuding, looting, it's okay
Let it go, let it flow, let the good times roll
Tell 'em Dre! (It ain't nuttin' but music)
What's going on in the world today?
People fighting, feuding, looting, it's okay
Let it go, let it flow, let the good times roll
Tell 'em Dre! (It ain't nuttin' but music)

Eminem doesn't like N'Sync, well I do
So fuck him, and the Backstreet Boys too
Whatever happened to the cast of Diff'rent Strokes?
Gary's broke, Todd's snorting coke, and Dana overdosed (aw!)
I got two little boys with me
Michael Jackson sent two helicopters to get me (Hee! Hee!)
I'm up early with my hair curly
Me and Mr. Furley, fucking Laverne and Shirley

A lot of rappers are living in la-la land
That's why I let my dogs out on the Baha Men
As bad as a life I had, I'm not mad
I don't need to be a Jackass to beat up my dad
My whole family's country, my grandmother's old fashioned
And she keeps asking me why I rap with a honkey
But granny I'm a flunky, I could be a junkie
I could be hanging with the hoochies out at the club scene
To all the independent women in the house! (Hooouse!)
Show us your tits and shut your motherfucking mouth! (What?!)

Robert Downey, Bobby Brownie, Whitney Houston
The shit she's using
Jesse Jackson, reverend scandal
Got George Michael's, Tevin Campbell's
Pee Wee Herman's, peep show places
Public restrooms, peep those cases!

What's going on in the world today?
People fighting, feuding, looting, it's okay
Let it go, let it flow, let the good times roll
Tell 'em Dre! (It ain't nuttin' but music)
What's going on in the world today?
People fighting, feuding, looting, it's okay
Let it go, let it flow, let the good times roll
Tell 'em Dre! (It ain't nuttin' but music)

Your mom and dad probably mad at us (for what?)
We done turned their kids into little body snatchers
Ain't like where I'm from, we don't bite our tongue
Are you sure you want niggas 21 to carry guns?
It's sad but I'm glad that I'm made to rhyme
Where you work you ain't getting paid for that overtime
It's only music, media know it but they blind
I ain't in y'all life, so stay they hell up outta mine! (Nigga)
Y'all the reason why Princess Diana ended up dying
If you people get offended I don't care (stop crying!)
Trying to get us to leave cause what we say just ain't clean (uh, uh)
But holding back on what I say just ain't me
Now what's these parents all mad for?
"Your music is bad for 'em"
For teenage kids that drink more than Ted Danson in Cheers
Carson drink beers, we all fart and piss and cuss out our bitch (SHUT UP!)
Broke or rich, I still do that same old shit
I don't jump in front of a camera and change no shit
So when they ask me about my sarcasticness
I just slap 'em, turn around and ask them this

What's going on in the world today?
People fighting, feuding, looting, it's okay
Let it go, let it flow, let the good times roll
Tell 'em Dre! (It ain't nuttin' but music)
What's going on in the world today?
People fighting, feuding, looting, it's okay
Let it go, let it flow, let the good times roll
Tell 'em Dre! (It ain't nuttin' but music)

La la la la la la
La la la la, la
La la la la la la, la
Ooh ooh, ooh ooh ooh
Ooh ooh ooh, ooh ooh ooh
Ooh ooh ooh, ooh
Look out for the D12 R&B album coming out soon
Straight R&B, straight R&B, straight R&B
Jodeci, we got you!11EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one
Ready or not here we come, here comes trouble in the club
Eleven, twelve, thirteen, pistols big as M-16s
How the fuck we sneak in with this many heaters in our jeans?
Nina, two ninas, a piece, they don't even see us
Some shit pops off we squeeze each one
They're gonna think it's machine guns
Vandals-vo-vandals, bananas and old flannels
Hands around our Colt handles, hold them like Roman candles
So ban us, go ban us, banana-fanna-fo-fannas
Who come back all bananas, banana clips loaded
Managers, bouncers, and the club owners
The motherfuckers don't want us to come up, bum rush in the club
And run up in it with a bunch of motherfuckers from Runyon
Steady popping them onions
Ready, set to go nut up, prepare to tear the whole club up
Fixing to get into some shit, just itching to choke someone up
You know we finna loc'n when we mix coke with coconut rum up
So, yeah, yeah, ho, what up? See my people posted up
See you talk that ho shit now, when you're down you won't get up
And can't sit up you're so slit up, the ambulance won't sew you up
They just throw you up in the trunk once they tag your big toe up
Heater-no-heater, automatic-no-matic
Mag or no mag, it don't matter if I have or don't have it
You never know when I'm packing so you just don't want no static
And open up a whole can of whoop ass
You don't wanna chance to risk it, no biscuit
Milli mac or mac milli
Will he, won't he, don't be silly, homie you don't know me really
You're just gonna make yourself dizzy wonderin' what the dilly
Fuck it, let's just get busy D-Twizzy's back in the hizzy!
Git up now! Let's get it cracking, yeah, it's on and poppin'
Bitch, D12 is back in this bitch, ugh! There ain't no stoppin'
We're gonna get it crackalating, what you waiting for?
The wait is over, say no more
Quit tryna play the wall and quit hatin'
Git up now! Y'all are still sitting? What the fuck, are you deaf?
You motherfuckers don't listen I said
We 'bout to get this motherfucker crackalatin'
Quit procrastinatin'
What the fuck you waiting for? Get off the wall and quit hatin', bitch
Git up now!

I keep a shitload of bullets, I pitbull it to pull it out
And automatically explode on motherfuckers until they mouth get closed
Permanently, you get burned to line quickly
You cannot hit me niggas, too terrified to come get me
Tempt me if you think Swifty won't send a slug, people run
When the reaper comes, the repercussion gon' equal blood
Nigga what? Steppin' without a weapon, you leave, you gone
I be still rollin' with stolen toasters while on parole
Snatch you out our home like eviction notices, ho
When I unload, I'm known to never leave witnesses to roam
When I'm blowed, I'll write the wickedest scroll ever told
When I'm sober I'm prone to roll up and disconnect your soul, nigga
Now it's been proven it's about to be a misunderstandin'
And furniture movin', bullets flyin', lawyers and mothers suin'
'Cause niggas don't know the difference
You bitches just stick to fiction
It's sickening, you can't even walk in my jurisdiction, riffing it
Gripping the pump
And who want to fuck with a walking psychopathic pyromaniac
Shady cats with eighty gats
And maybe that's the reason that you gon' get it the worst
And since you jumpin' in front of everybody you gon' get it first
I disperse the crowd with something bigger and versatile
So run and record your verses now while you got a mouth
And it's not a joke, it's some kind of riddle
Kunizzle will lift up a 12 gizzle and throw a party from my acquittal
And a Glock that you will stop you from walking
Bullets'll hit your liver, I'll even shoot Native Americans
A Indian giver, and nigga
We back in your life and back in your wife
Hit you in your back with a knife and get it crackin' tonight

Git up now! Let's get it cracking, yeah, it's on and poppin'
Bitch, D12 is back in this bitch, ugh! There ain't no stoppin'
We're gonna get it crackalating, what you waiting for?
The wait is over, say no more
Quit tryna play the wall and quit hatin'
Git up now! Y'all are still sitting? What the fuck, are you deaf?
You motherfuckers don't listen I said
We 'bout to get this motherfucker crackalatin'
Quit procrastinatin'
What the fuck you waiting for? Get off the wall and quit hatin', bitch
Git up now!
Hahaha, Yeah, D12, we back
Haha, (Get up now!) Hahahaha
Runyon Ave soldiers
Amityville
Who the fuck want it with us?
Ha, ha!
Nobody17EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yeah, welcome to Amityville (Detroit, nigga!)
The reason why rappers gotta pack pistols (Why is that?)

Slick criminal wit', the shit I spit chews
Like a bullet came back that just missed and hit you
I say the type of shit parents slit their wrists to
Need an anthem to amp you, then this the shit to
Too many enemies on my list to sift through
Nobody got my back in this bitch but this tool
Sorry officer I don't care how pissed it get you
But I don't go nowhere without my pistol pistol

Ain't going nowhere without my gun
I walk the streets I pack my gun
I go to sleep I got my gun
Don't go nowhere without my gun

Nigga, we violently active, so fuck with us
See I'm backwards, I slap niggas and punch bitches
Just for asking, they musta been wanting to meet the Lord
When my parents talked to me, they got mean mugged and ignored
They were snooping through my closet, seen drugs on the floor
Shells from the .44 scattered over they porch
Busting pistols in your windows with intentions to destroy you
Tryna break your neck to conversate? Bitch, I'll do it for you
Catch me laughing at your funeral when they lower you
You and your ho, you gots to go, bitches died slow and horrible
There's no tomorrow for any nigga we'll shower you
We young strapped and powerful and I ain't gotta lie to you
Stepped in the door, waving the fo'-fo'
Blazing at po-po, escaping and lay low
They call my tongue ya-yo, but I spit fire
I lit five inside a fucking dick-rider
The clip slider, love to blast a Mag
You a fag, you love being ass to ass
Grab a gun by the nose with the butt to gat-spank ya
Never say that I'm a gangsta (Now that's gangsta)
Y'all niggas sound like Jigga but act like 'Pac
Yo my trigger got the flu and this gat might cough
It ain't nothing to tell, empty shells for the witness
I'm the hot nigga that's gon' put hell outta business
It won't be the same since we touching the game
Make the hardest nigga in your crew, tuck in his chain
Y'all think this shit's a game and I'm bluffing for fame?
I'll squeeze off this TEC until nothing remains

Slick criminal wit', the shit I spit chews
Like a bullet came back that just missed and hit you
I say the type of shit parents slit their wrists to
Need an anthem to amp you, then this the shit to
Too many enemies on my list to sift through
Nobody got my back in this bitch but this tool
Sorry officer I don't care how pissed it get you
But I don't go nowhere without my pistol pistol
The only time that I'm at peace is when I'm close to one
'Cause I don't know what's waiting for me when my vocals are done
Tote the gun, it's my way of life and it works
These cowardly niggas'll put your fucking life in the dirt
'Cause it was wrong how they left my dog, he was priceless
Alone in the streets, bleeding, staring, laying lifeless
That's why I'm heated, you never know who starts creeping
Waking you up with AK's while you lie sleeping
I'd rather pack the heat and not need it
Rather than need one and not have it, I married this Glock-matic

Nowhere without my..

You know the sound when I'm spinning round
Spitting these rounds from four pounds
While the whole crowd screaming as loud
From they mouths as they possibly allow?
Nothing is parallel to making you carousel
Aerial somersault like ferris wheels to a pair of shells
Denaun carry the nine where I go
Bullets whistle and hit you while I'm shooting at 5-0
Some semi-automatic for static's the motto
Spitting like *Columbine kids* from Colorado
Slick criminal wit', the shit I spit chews
Like a bullet came back that just missed and hit you
I say the type of shit parents slit their wrists to
Need an anthem to amp you, then this the shit to
Too many enemies on my list to sift through
Nobody got my back in this bitch but this tool
Sorry officer I don't care how pissed it get you
But I don't go nowhere without my pistol pistol

This nine'll turn a softy to a hard rock
It'll make Jehovah's Witnesses, think before they knock
(Sorry, sorry!)
It'll make your grandmother come outta her purse
It'll make Limp Bizkit, give in to Fred Durst (Ha ha)
It'll make Holyfield start fighting
It'll make Ma$e say fuck church and go back to writing
It'll make Shyne say he sound like Biggie Smalls
It'll make R. Kelly, give respect to Aaron Hall
It'll make Christopher Reeves start walking
It'll make a dog with no voice, suddenly start barking
It'll make a nun turn to a filthy slut
It'll make the hardest pitbull, turn to a fucking mutt
It'll make a Muslim dye his hair blonde
It'll make a redneck start to read the Holy Qu'ran (Need Jesus!)
It'll make Ike stop beating Tina
It'll make Slim Shady fall back in love with Christina

Slick criminal wit', the shit I spit chews
Like a bullet came back that just missed and hit you
I say the type of shit parents slit their wrists to
Need an anthem to amp you, then this the shit to
Too many enemies on my list to sift through
Nobody got my back in this bitch but this tool
Sorry officer I don't care how pissed it get you
But I don't go nowhere without my pistol pistol

Swifty: Hah, nigga, nigga you better have aim, 'cause if you don't - you're finished
Eminem: Sorry occifers
Swifty: Flat out
Bizarre: Detroit
Eminem: Sorry *cops*, fuckin' *pigs*
Bizarre: The fuck we stay at
Swifty: Fuck around and get popped, with no hesitation, straight up
Bizarre: Look where the fuck we stay at, nigga look where the fuck we stay at. Fuck around with us.. You get us popped.. Fucking get us popped... Ahahaha you get us popped!19EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Bitch
Yeah
Shit can happen, shit can happen
Shit can happen, shit can happen
Shit can happen, shit can happen
Shit can happen, shit can happen

That's right motherfuckers, we back
Same slanging, orangatanging, wilding out on hoodrats
They say I act like I'm too famous to say "Hi"
And tell 'em what my name is but really I'm still nameless
You niggas don't get it yet, do you?
Deal or not, platinum or flop, I still put it through you
With a Luger that'll spit fire
And hit higher than a pitch by a bitch like Mariah
You think for one second since we got a deal
That we won't deal wit you in front of St. Andrew's still?
You gay rappers better learn that
I won't stop until I see 'em turn back
If you don't slow that roll you got
You gon' see these Runyon Ave. niggas that really need some Prozac
Fo' sho' that, ask the others, Brigade'll lay you down
Next to your mother's mother's grandmother
You know I'm feeling real rowdy tonight, ready to fight
And half the niggas I give dap to I don't even like
The same cat who never gave a damn about your name
I gives a fuck about it like the next L.A. Clippers' game (Bitch)
I kill you in ways you couldn't even fathom (Punk)
You and your madame, it's really unexplainable how I have 'em
Who call theyself screaming about a challenge (What?)
Nigga we got a gift while you barely making it off mere talent
My skills are deeply embedded even your ho said it (Uh-huh)
She was knock kneed, I fucked her, now she's bow-legged
In the middle of rapping I drop the mic (What?)
And have a stare down and jump in the crowd and start scrapping (Bitch)
Kuniv' and Kon Artis, my nigga we get it cracking
While the paramedics pick you up we on the side laughing

Now this ain't funny so don't you dare laugh
Shit can happen to him and yo' ass
You can be touched, don't think you can't
'Cause niggas ain't fuckin around no more man
This ain't funny so don't you dare laugh
Shit can happen to him and yo' ass
You can be touched, don't think you can't
'Cause niggas ain't fuckin around no more man
The feds can't hold me, I hold feds
I was born with a dark ass cloud over my head
Raining acid, you can't refrain from getting yo' ass kicked
'Cause you talk too much, you asked for it
I'm on some massive shit, everybody ignore me
They wouldn't fuck with me if I was performing at an orgy
These niggas get confronted (Wha tup now?)
Then they change stories
I cut you and they thinking everything's hunky dory
I even have you pouring me the gasoline for me
Pulling up slowly, cocktailing your homie
You met a lot of niggas but you wouldn't wanna know me (For real)
Yo' ass might not even make it home wit' your Rollie
Don't even try, in your system like E. coli
Trying to beef with me, nigga please, yo' people die
I'm so wicked that my mama gave birth illegally
I survived the abortion immediately, surprise

Picture me sitting in a jail cell rotting (Shit)
Or barricaded in a motel with twelve shotguns
So when the cops come knocking each hand's got one
Cocked, ready to dump slugs heavy as shotputs
One man army, guns can't harm me
Young and ornery, worse than my Uncle Ronnie
Ever since I got my first gun pulled on me
I can't stop airing out my dirty laundry
Middle fingers flipped at censorship
Your friends just flipped over the swift penmanship
Ever since I spit some shit on Infinite
I've been giving it 110%
'Cause when I vent, most of my energy's spent on enemies
80% of what I invent is Hennessey
20% is from being hungry as sin
10's because I love being under your skin, shit
Yeah, shit can happen so stick to rapping
Quit the yapping or I'ma lift the MAC and
That can lead to another mishap happening
Skip the crap get the can of whoopass cracking
Now this ain't funny so don't you dare laugh
Shit can happen to him and yo' ass
You can be touched, don't think you can't
'Cause niggas ain't fuckin around no more man
This ain't funny so don't you dare laugh
Shit can happen to him and yo' ass
You can be touched, don't think you can't
'Cause niggas ain't fuckin around no more man

It can and it will (Nigga, nigga)
Fuck around with Amityville and you die
Insanity spills from the mentality of twelve motherfuckers
In six different bodies with their personalities split
Fucking you up with hit after hit
Sticking you up with clip after clip
Making you suck dick after dick
Dirty motherfucking dozen
The Kon Artis, motherfucking Peter S. Bizarre
Swifty MC Vay, the Kuniva, Dirty father-fucking Harry
Putting you down in a cemetery, you get buried
All you of you motherfuckers suck our motherfucking cocks
We are not playing, we are not playing
We are not bullshitting, this is not a motherfucking joke
All of you motherfuckers get smoked15EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Dawg, I shouldn't have left
They wouldn't have tried that shit if I was with you
Maybe he would've picked another time or maybe chose another way
Or maybe my prayers would've convinced him to choose another soul
Shit, it's just me, mom and Tony now
Man, you look so peaceful right now
How can I argue with that?
They say that the good die young

They say that the good die young (die young)
That's why I think that you should have fun (when you're young)
'Cause time won't wait for no one (uh-huh)
When God calls, you gotta go home (go home)
They say the good die young (die young)
That's why I know that we gon' have fun (uh)
In this life 'cause you only get one
When God call for me don't cry, I just went home

I'm sure that everybody heard their momma say there'd be days like this
When you see, one of your friends die in the midst
In the struggle, into the circumstances
A risk that they take, just to prove a point to a friend
Even then, accidents are prone to happen
To any man or woman that's dumb enough to pretend
And huh, God will hold them accountable for sins
That they commit and they try to repent the sins to repent
But I guess that's the way things go
I was blessed to see twenty-four
To wake up to that "Hi, My Name Is" video
Motivated me to write what I wrote
And I knew my little brother sold dope
And mom and daddy wanted to move our row
I did it, I still got a lot to prove and show
I just wish we ain't have to lose Bugz to the struggle
'Cause you know
They say that the good die young (Die young)
That's why I think that you should have fun (When you're young)
'Cause time won't wait for no one (Uh-huh)
When God calls, you gotta go home (Go home)
They say the good die young (Die young)
That's why I know that we gon' have fun (Uh)
In this life 'cause you only get one
When God call for me don't cry, I just went home

I know you used to Bizarre on some silly shit
But niggas in my clique, is dying quick (For real)
In Detroit, niggas don't party
They pull a fo'-fo' out, snatch off yo Carti's
That's why I keep the pistol under the truck
I'm 27 years old, too old to be getting jumped
And fuck rap, I miss Karnail Pitts
B-U-G-Z, tatted on my wrist
Me and you in the Jeep, listen to screamo beats
It's a shame me and Fuzz don't even speak
I got married, my wife name is Dee
Peace to 31, and 5150 I miss you

I think back on that tragic day my phone rung
And Bizarre's voice telling me Bugz was going home
It was like a knife piercing my chest and I couldn't breathe
I didn't wanna accept it, didn't wanna believe it
I swear, at his wake, dawg I cried so hard
Literally, Denaun had to carry me to the car
While I stand in this booth now, it's tearing me apart
But I had to let it out 'cause it was tearing at my heart
'Cause he died over something so petty and so small
A human life is so very precious, I hope y'all
Understand how I'm feeling 'cause I love you Bugz
I wanna rhyme with you, laugh with you, hug you Bugz
But I can't, and you were so close to see your dreams
A coward came along and took you away from the team
So don't mistake this track as just another song
This goes out to everyone who lost a loved one
'Cause you know
They say that the good die young (Die young)
That's why I think that you should have fun (When you're young)
'Cause time won't wait for no one (Uh-huh)
When God calls, you gotta go home (Go home)
They say the good die young (Die young)
That's why I know that we gon' have fun (Uh)
In this life 'cause you only get one
When God call for me don't cry, I just went home

They say it's never too late to have an early childhood
If I could turn back the hands of time, God should
Forgive what I did as a kid that run blocks
Now my dreams is just screams, cops and gunshots
The fun stops when your homies up in the box
My doody Bo, bless his soul, snuffed by the cops
I used to question a lot, if there's a God around me say something
If you love us so much why ain't you gave nothing?
When he took my homie Snook was only in eleventh grade
Now I hope to see his face at the Heaven gates
It ain't never late in the game, Satan remains
With a grudge to see slugs break through my frames
My heart aches with the pain, and life limits breath
We got to have fun now, there's only minutes left
And in death 'cause stress youngins is sucked in
To get tats for my fallen homies? I ain't got enough skin
Miss y'all!
They say that the good die young (Die young)
That's why I think that you should have fun (When you're young)
'Cause time won't wait for no one (Uh-huh)
When God calls, you gotta go home (Go home)
They say the good die young (Die young)
That's why I know that we gon' have fun (Uh)
In this life 'cause you only get one
When God call for me don't cry, I just went home

When I was younger I knew four brothers that wasn't wise
That crashed and the driver died, my partner on the passenger side was paralyzed
And I'm surprised by the look of that ride, that the other two survived
Nine months later, another one dies
Somebody shot him in his side when he was starting up his ride
Three years go by, I made a hell of a run
And that's when Funky got done, Joey playing with guns
And Tookie over funds, Cardie was my man
And Reggie, I wish that I was with you in that van
And Bugz, if it wasn't for you
You know I wouldn't be standing in this booth
And that's the truth, I miss y'all

They say that the good die young (Die young)
That's why I think that you should have fun (When you're young)
'Cause time won't wait for no one (Uh-huh)
When God calls, you gotta go home (Go home)
They say the good die young (Die young)
That's why I know that we gon' have fun (Uh)
In this life 'cause you only get one
When God call for me don't cry, I just went home
They say that the good die young (Die young)
That's why I think that you should have fun (When you're young)
'Cause time won't wait for no one (Uh-huh)
When God calls, you gotta go home (Go home)
They say the good die young (Die young)
That's why I know that we gon' have fun (Uh)
In this life 'cause you only get one
When God call for me don't cry, I just went home12EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yeah
Uh, I feel no pain
Uh, I've got my mask on
Uh, I'm numb to the world

The devil out to get me, moving pretty fast
Head on collision, I'm tryna avoid the crash (pain)
I'm running from my past (Bane)
That's why I wear the mask
These blood sucking leeches, all they want is the cash
You don't get the picture, it could be gone in a flash (pain)
I'm running from my past (Bane)
That's why I wear the mask
Hope you bought a package of Kleenex (yeah)
Back is the rejects (yeah)
Actually it’s a fact that we shack in the p-jects
Naturally a rat pack will attack cheese (huh)
That’s why I’m in yellow and green
Bae I'll attack the track with all ease (uh)
No I don’t trust these hoes, nigga (uh)
Say they love you for you then turn into a gold digger (pain)
What the fuck you ask me for a dollar for?
Shooting the gym? I ain’t ballin' ho
What I look like, Iguodala to you yo (Bane)
Yup, shots fired, callin' it kettle
Black shit turned the pot higher, eyes tired
Keep trying to sell me a smile, but I’m a hard buyer
Keep shit movin' like a car tire
What you want, a necklace?
I’ll make you a chain out some barbed wire
The devil out to get me, moving pretty fast
Head on collision, I'm tryna avoid the crash (pain)
I'm running from my past (Bane)
That's why I wear the mask
These blood sucking leeches, all they want is the cash
You don't get the picture, it could be gone in a flash (pain)
I'm running from my past (Bane)
That's why I wear the mask

I got this Earth on my shoulders, real life for rappin'
If you threw the planet at me I’d headbutt it and crack it
On another tax bracket and I been cleanin' my house
But my old habits are in the attic, I’ll pull 'em out
And keep reminding y'all you ain’t got it all
Devil keep pulling me by the drawers
Not at all amazed at these haters, you’ve seen my catalog
Speaking and we keep flying over 'em like a cannonball
Think I’m this comical, swag follower just rhyming over beats
While these leakers suckin' all of us dawg (hell no)
Still got your mama covered in vomit in my cellphone
Y'all really got me fucked up
What you mixin' up in that cup?
What the hell you sprinkle in that blunt?
.44, make him sober up
I got an addiction to all these prescriptions
Need an intervention, someone to listen
Catholic or Christian, fuck your suspicions
(Bitch! Gimme my molly and stop bitchin'!)
Turn it up (turn it down)
I be blowing on half a pound
Pass it around and pass it around
Merry go-round, merry go-round
She say she love me, but this bitch is ugly
(Shit, you ain't even know it)
I'mma still let her fuck me

The devil out to get me, moving pretty fast
Head on collision, I'm tryna avoid the crash (pain)
I'm running from my past (Bane)
That's why I wear the mask
These blood sucking leeches, all they want is the cash
You don't get the picture, it could be gone in a flash (pain)
I'm running from my past (Bane)
That's why I wear the mask

They say the devil is a liar
Nigga don't worry 'bout that loud mouth
Bumping his gums and babbling
Watch for them quiet niggas
On the real, you should come ride with us
Crew full of riders; Optimus
My bad cause it seems like
You got your facts all crossed up, no Swastikas
Fadin' in and out of my consciousness
Tryna fight this feeling I’m conjurin'
That's why I wear a hat so low with a mask
Rarely seen like the Loch Ness
No bullshit, these bitches are more grimy
Doing a nigga real slimy
Had my little homie stretched out, death untimely
Need not remind me, hold up
Yo, don’t get yoked up
Heard rumors that niggas wanna clap at me
Well actually, I was just over there
Niggas ain’t really do jack to me
That’s why I keep this mask on, straight face (mad tone)
Only thing that’s missing is my sherlon, get my Runyon Ave on
The devil out to get me, moving pretty fast
Head on collision, I'm tryna avoid the crash (pain)
I'm running from my past (Bane)
That's why I wear the mask
These blood sucking leeches, all they want is the cash
You don't get the picture, it could be gone in a flash (pain)
I'm running from my past (Bane)
That's why I wear the mask

D12, Bane, yeah
D12, Bane, yeah
Aaaaah, Bane, yeah
D12, Bane, yeah
Bruh25EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
G-SHIT

Whattup
I gotta tell you motherfuckers the truth
This is straight G shit
And all you can do is respect it

Well I'mma state my name, Swift McVay
None of y'all niggas got shit to say
Rhymes keep coming off like a toupee
Plus I'm big headed running things my way
A selfish man, the back of the hand
Be slapping the hell out of hoes because I can
Prostitute, I want my loot
And I don't give a fuck about your broke-ass man and
Y'all giving niggas what they needing
'til bitches understand I'm mean and
Swift McVay is, blowing up
Courvosier 'til I'm throwing up
Wanna playa hate me, bitch so what?
What's yo' function? Where's yo' bucks?
All you wanna do is wanna stick him up
You wanna rob me but I got too much (hah)
D12, naturally lifted
You niggas better duck when I cock the biscuit
You fuck wit me, I fuck wit you
Your entourage, nigga fuck them too
I got grenades
What the hell your little twenty-two gon' do?
(Y'all ain't gon' shoot)
Y'all major soft
Cops getting mad cause I paid 'em off, made 'em cough
Blood and shit
That's what the hell you motherfuckers get, we runs this bitch?
So hey, you ain't gotta be scared to fuck
If you want head, then prepare to suck (do it)
Even if the nigga don't care to nut
For every stroke, it's a hundred bucks
Respect the game, you just a slut
So open your legs up and get my duck
You just a .. (ho)
You just my .. (ho)
Dirty-ass .. (ho)
I'm yo' pimp, you my bitch
Go get my .. (dough)
Go bring me my .. (dough)
Dirty-ass .. (ho)
I'm yo' pimp, you my bitch

I don't spit game, no longer than my name
The way my chain hang, my nuts do the same
Don't pay pussy, pussy pay me
Bitch, slut, whore or lady (yup)
And knowing the fact, I was born to mack
That's why I got a ho in the back, blowing my sac
Got good game, that's a hood thang
What'd you brang, loot or poo-tang?
Let 'em all bang, run that cheese
Tell that trick nigga (come back please!)
Rob a L7, that's a square
You a bottom ho, you got to know
Off you I plan to make a lot of dough
So suck fast bitch, and swallow slow
{​​*swish-slap-swish*}​​ (AH!) Bitch quit talking back
{​​*swish-slap-swish*}​​ (AH!) Now walk the track
I don't pay for ass, you pump my gas
You get slapped when we're short of cash
I get whiplash when I hit the gas
And I holla out the window of the hatch
Where's my scratch? Bitch, that's, it
Suck it stroke it make me rich
As a token of my appreciation it's
Another client for you to hit
I don't give a fuck if you gotta go home to the kids
You shoulda picked another occupation, trick
Now you're stuck with me, fuck with me
And I'mma slap you up in this truck
You must be out your mind or something
Crying and whining like you tired or something
Go suck some head until it aches for buffering
You don't work? You make nothing
I'm just another case of a lazy husband

I want the paper stack
Buy you an outfit, then take it back
When you page me, bitch, I never page you back
You only act a certain way that I make you act (whattup)
Hoes recognize, and niggas do too
Cause they realize that niggas do shoot
Don't like a chick that act too cute
Bitch hold my gat down when I shoot hoop (oh yeah)
And don't be asking me, all kind of questions
All harassing me, calling stressing
Or I may have to release some aggression
Beat you to death and teach you a lesson
Looking for handouts like you my damn spouse
Pull your pants down and fuck my mans now
Shut your damn mouth or get in the damn house
Off with the damn blouse and suck on my damn crotch
You just a .. (ho)
You just my .. (ho)
Dirty-ass .. (ho)
I'm yo' pimp, you my bitch
Go get my .. (dough)
Go bring me my .. (dough)
Dirty-ass .. (ho)
I'm yo' pimp, you my bitch

Sell that pussy
Sell that pussy, bitch
Get out there and switch and go make Bizarre rich
You gotta itch, you fucking dirty bitch
Now get on the corner, and start sucking some dicks
Niggas want pussy, and I need cash
So mom, get out there and start selling yo' dirty ass
Bizarre quick to hit 'em, and then stick 'em
Fuck it; I'll let you hear one of my victims:
("Somebody help! I'm on 7 Mile and...")
Shut up bitch, you talk too much!
Now you about to get fucked in your dirty butt!
You never seen a pimp like me, out here whoring
Shut your fucking mouth and you'll be out by the morning
Cause I'm the dirtiest pimp, you ever heard of
Give me my five-thousand, and take this cheeseburger (bitch!)
Go suck dick at a bachelor party
So what if you on your period? blood never hurt nobody

You just a .. (ho)
You just my .. (ho)
Dirty-ass .. (ho)
I'm yo' pimp, you my bitch
Go get my .. (dough)
Go bring me my .. (dough)
Dirty-ass .. (ho)
I'm yo' pimp, you my bitch

You just a .. (ho)
You just a .. (ho)
That's all you is .. (ho, ho, ho)
You just a, dirty ass bitch
A dirty ass, nasty ass, stinky ass, filthy ass, stanky ass bitch
(Oooh, ooh-OOOH) Hahahahaha... (lahhh-aHHH)
But I love you... (hahaha) .. Kim (mmm)

And there you have it god damnit, the fundamentals of pimping
You heard it here first, from the Dirtiest Dozen
You ever seen in yo' god damn life
Yo this is Rondell Beene on the scene
And we keep the pussyholes smiling, because we always wilding
YouknowhatI'msayin? Fuck all what everybody else talking about
We let you know right here
Big pimping, it ain't dead, we love getting head, in a dirty-ass bed
That's just what we do
You know we was throwing heroin pimp parties back in 1968
The pussy is all great
I'll see you at eight, bitch11EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
I make music to make you sick of fake music
Hate music like devil-worshipping Satan music
So say your prayers, your 'Hail Mary's and Jesuses
Take two sticks, tape 'em together and make a crucifix
Try to stop it but you can't do it
A whole generation of kids blowing out their fucking brains to this
Kurt Cobain music. Students converted to 'caine users
As soon as they heard it went out and murdered and maimed to it
What's your name?

Judas
Got my nine with six sharpshooters, now let's do this
I got niggas that shoots to static. You don't understand
How I'm all up in you niggas' TVs like Carole Anne
I'm a poltergeist: lyrically, I'm supposed to strike
Try to snatch this mic, you get cracked with Molson Ice
(Swifty get your own woman!) I want his wife
I'm the type to go to gamblin' parties with trick dice
I rob casinos. Slugs, eat those
You'd think it was the devil feedin' you jalapenos
Now you out of the scene hoes shot at your clean clothes
My fo'-fo', prone to make you niggas breathe wrong

It's Devil's Night, it's Devil's Night, it's Devil Night
Cause I came back to rule this time (it's Devil Night)
Cause I came back to take what's mine (it's Devil's Night)
It's Devil's Night, it's Devil's Night, it's Devil Night
Cause I came back to rule this time (it's Devil Night)
Cause I came back to take what's mine (it's Devil's Night)
It's like I'm on the john, trying to shit and get no response
Constipated, bitch; tell these pigs to back off
The mind of a rapist, Denaun never changes
Beat up strangers without a reason; I'm a anus
Walk the street in a "Beat It" jacket with a glove to match it
Drop the hat shit; I put my head on opposite and step backwards
A walking zombie that's ornery
Pulling armed robberies on politicians without a sense of camaraderie

I can concoct the nine slot, plus I run with the best
Hop on a motorcycle, busting wheelies over your chest
Bystanders standing by, thinking 'oh, what a mess'
Blast through every hickie that them bitches put on your neck
What the fuck do you expect, when the slugs get dealt
And make you feel every ounce of pain that Bugz had felt
A deranged team, smoking ganja greens
This carbine'll make your fucking head shake like tambourines
I pledge allegiance to the streets of the D
And if you think you out cold, catch a piece of this heat
And when it blast, it'll take off every piece of your 
From her barettes to her cheeks to her cute little feet

It's Devil's Night, it's Devil's Night, it's Devil Night
Cause I came back to rule this time (it's Devil Night)
Cause I came back to take what's mine (it's Devil's Night)
It's Devil's Night, it's Devil's Night, it's Devil Night
Cause I came back to rule this time (it's Devil Night)
Cause I came back to take what's mine (it's Devil's Night)
(Stop taking drugs!) I'm trying
My little boy is dying, he losing too much iron
And if I die, it won't be because I got shot:
It'll be because I tied my arm in a sock and smoked rock
Taking drugs is cool, that's why I buy 'em
Shoot 'em up my ass; let your little brother try 'em
Ten years is what I'm facing
Police breakin' in my house, Lil' Bow Wow in the basement (Jermaine!)
A rapist that'll bust in your mouth
I'll probably be in jail 'fore this fucking album comes out
I'm eighteen years old, still shitting the bed
Beaten 'til I'm red; fed nothing but water and bread
It's me again, fucking dirty jinn
So what if it burns, bitch, when I stick it in?
No medication; I'm out of Percocet
I lost my weed plus my fucking diaper's wet

It's Devil's Night, it's Devil's Night, it's Devil Night
Cause I came back to rule this time (it's Devil Night)
Cause I came back to take what's mine (it's Devil's Night)
It's Devil's Night, it's Devil's Night, it's Devil Night
Cause I came back to rule this time (it's Devil Night)
Cause I came back to take what's mine (it's Devil's Night)14EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Uh
Yo, yo, yo, yo

I've been to many places
I've seen so many faces
But nothin' compares
To these blue and yellow purple hills
I've climbed the highest mountain
Once or twice, but who's countin'?
But nothin' compares
To these blue and yellow purple hills

Cool, calm, just like my mom
With a couple of lawsuits inside her palm
It's Mr. Mischief with a trick up his sleeve
To roll up on you like Christopher Reeves
I can't describe the vibe I get
When I drive by six people and {five I hit (Whoops!)}
{Aw shit,} I started a mosh pit
Squashed a chick and lost her foster kids
This room makes me hallucinate
Then I sweat 'til I start losin' weight
'Til I see dumb {shit} start happenin'
Dumber than Vanilla Ice tryna rap again
So bounce, bounce! Come on, bounce!
I said come on bounce!
Everybody in the house doin' mass {amounts (Me!)}
To the women in the thongs with their asses out (Oh)
We don't bull{shit}, better ask around
D12 throws the bombest bash in town
Bizarre, your mom is {crashin' out}
Help me get her on the couch 'fore she passes out (Come on)
Bump that, someone help Denaun
He's upstairs wrestlin' with Elton John
Hey Von, you see me steppin' on these leprechauns?
They gotta be {Tums, the Ex-Lax} is gone
Yeah, I took 'em {all, dawg,} with some Parmesan
And I think my arm is gone — No, it's probably numb
Young, dumb and full of {cum}
And I think he 'bout to swallow his tongue
Scary-ass, it was a false alarm
You think I'm 'bout to die when I just got on?
Well, stop actin' stupid; you so {high}
That you might wake up with a {guy} on some new {shit}
Yeah, I think I {did} too much (Huh-uh)
I think I got the runs (Huh-uh)
{Rolaids, Pepto, and Tums}
Watch out, here it comes! (Ha-ha-ha!)

I've been to many places
I've seen so many faces
But nothin' compares
To these blue and yellow purple hills
I've climbed the highest mountain
Once or twice, but who's countin'?
But nothin' compares
To these blue and yellow purple hills
Dirty Dozen, eighty of us
Shady brothers, ladies love us
That's why our baby mothers
Love us but they hate each other
They probably wanna take each other
Out and date each other
Some, some, some
Somethin'... I don't know

Hop hills, hills I hop
Hop two hills, on stilts I walk
{Snort two lines} that were filled with chalk
Thought I was incredible and {killed} the Hulk
I wanna {roll} away like a rollerblade
Until my {eyes roll} back in my skull for days
And when I'm old and gray, yo, I'ma go for broke?
No? Okey-doke, {I'm packin' my nose} with soap
(*Coughing*) Am I supposed to choke?
Had an accident when the Trojan broke
Ah, poor baby, born by a {whore} lady
Now I'm payin' child support? (It's your baby!)

I take {four shots} at one time
And I don't need to chase when I'm swallowin' mine (Hey, you got any room?)
In Bizarre's hatch back
We can't go far, 'cause the car has flats
Why the hell you people think I rap?
Because my mother taught me how to breach contracts
And if you got cash, then hide it so (Swift, chill!)
I'm just tryna get by like you
And I don't give a damn if you find me rude (Huh-uh)
Mean, crude, to hell with you too (Huh-uh)
I only need three {blunts} and I'm cool
I just got some and I'm goin' back soon
I've been to many places
I've seen so many faces
But nothin' compares
To these blue and yellow purple hills
I've climbed the highest mountain
Once or twice, but who's countin'?
But nothin' compares
To these blue and yellow purple hills

I'm at a rave, lookin' at a babe
Like she want it
Gin and tonic demonic
Body smell like vomit
Looney, crazy, jumpy, sexy
Dopey-headed guy
Whipped cream, dirty mattresses
Wanna try? (Go on)
{Blue hills, golden seals}
Got Bizarre actin' ill
Drugs kill — {Yeah, right!}
Chick, I'm for real!
Shut yo' mouth, you dirty girl
You know you want me in your world
Ladies, please don't fight
Bizarre's here all night!

I've been to many places
I've seen so many faces
But nothin' compares
To these blue and yellow purple hills
I've climbed the highest mountain
Once or twice, but who's countin'?
But nothin' compares
To these blue and yellow purple hills

Dirty Dozen, eighty of us
Shady brothers, ladies love us
That's why our baby mothers
Love us but they hate each other
They probably wanna take each other
Out and date each other
Some, some, some
Somethin'... I don't know6EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yeah nigga! It's D12 up in this motherfucker!
You know how we get nigga we wild in the club
Motherfuckers, everybody get crunk in Detroit too nigga!
So wile the fuck out!

Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Bitch!)

We fucked up
Let us in the club
One of y'all niggas gon' catch a slug (Yeah)
I'm so drunk I could hurl for a month
Any nigga pop shit, go to the trunk
D12 start shit, nigga come get us
7 Mile Runyon, wild niggas with us
'Cause all my niggas is talkin' that shit
Ain't got no problem, with smackin' no bitch
I'll have my wife cut your throat
Blunts, gans, that's all we smoke
Wild the fuck out, stab you with a knife
It's D12, nigga, we ready to fuckin' fight
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Bitch!)

Who tryin' to be the first one to catch this blade in the throat?
You know the po-po don't let me hold them toasters no mo'
I just clapped three people, you gon' be number four
If you don't back the fuck up, and get the fuck up off the flo'
My crew is takin' over as soon as we hit the do'
You hit the door, but we comin' in and you goin' home
Security, they can't even stop us because they know
Runyon Avenue soldiers hold us down wherever we go
Chuggin' on our 40s and holdin' up .44s
We come with toasters like we just opened savings and loans
And we don't need your brew tonight, homie, we brought our own
So grab whatever you sippin' on and let's get it on!

Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Bitch!)
We deep as a motherfucker, we 'bout to get it crunk
You just another punk in the club about to get jumped
I settle my vendettas with AK's, Berettas
We don't 'posed to be in here with our weapons, but still they let us
Switchblade, brass knuckles, nickel plated belt buckle
Broken beer bottles, when we walk in you can smell trouble
Elbows flyin', bitches cryin', niggas bleedin', you retreatin'
Run into your car and skatin' off, we G'ing
We make example out of you haters runnin' your mouth
You the reason why your peoples is pourin' they 40s out
Dirty Dozen wildin', beat niggas bloodied
And you gon' have to pour out a keg for all your homies

Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Bitch!)

I was raised by drunks, so I became a drunk
80 Proof on this vodka, that's the name I want
I'm in the club to beef, you gotta murder me dead
Only talk to a bitch with burgundy hair
Or the aisle in the 'Vette, bumpin' Seven-Deuce
See that top on that 40, you know it's comin' loose
See me on the ave daily, be runnin' this shit
If your chick get loud, I g-money that bitch
Packin' mags and clips, I'll smash your clique
Because of Proof they put the "G" in the alphabet
Smokin' weed, drinkin' Henny, Remy, and that Jimmy
Don't worry if we run out, the corner store got plenty
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Bitch!)6EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Hmm, yeah
This just one of them days when yo' ass just wanna chill out
And motherfuckers be all in yo' ear and shit, yknowhatI'msayin?
Or that nagging bitch, that just like to hear herself talk
Blowing all yo' high away
Now that's some fucked up shit, heh
But it happens, yknowhatI'msayin? Yo

Yo, yo, yo, yo
Schizophrenia, how many of ya got it?
How many motherfuckers can say they psychotic?
How many motherfuckers can say they brain dry-rotted from pot?
You got it like I got it or not?
If you did, you would know just what I'm talking bout
When your tongue's rotting out from cotton-mouth
When you end up becoming so dependent on weed
That you end up spending a G in the vending machine
You got the munchies, look at you, junk food junkie
Potato chips and lunch meat, up in the front seat
Sometimes you can get so paranoid from ganja
That's it gotcha thinking the whole world is watching ya
Or maybe you don't smoke, maybe you just roll
But whatever your drug's yo, go for the gusto
Just don't come fuck with me when I'm doing my drugs
You see me in the club don't come fucking my high up and
Blow, my, buzz
Do what you want to just don't blow, my, buzz
(Do what you want to) And I'm gon' sit here and just roll, my, drugs
(Smoke my weeeeed) And if you talk I'm gonna fuck, you, up
(I might just whoop yo' ass) Just don't say shit and we'll be cool

{*ding dong*} Bitch let me in the house (The game on?)
No, I just came to eat your mother out
It's the big guy, doing a butterfly to the ground (go 'head!)
Bizarre sit yo' nasty ass down!
I spot this fat bitch from across the room
Now suck my dick while your boyfriend's in the bathroom (yea yea!)
My face is pink, looking for a sink
And don't worry bout what I put in your drink
It's called a date-rape drug, ten minutes you'll be fucked up
Open your nasty-ass legs up (yeah you whore)
Bitches I'm catching, blunts I'm matching
Don't call me Bizarre, I'm the Reverend Jesse Jackson

Who the fuck is this guy, why the hell you in my presence?
It'd be cool if you was asking me some reasonable questions
But you on some bullshit nigga, this yo' last beer (f'real)
Get the fuck off my dick and tell yo' bitch to bring her ass here
I kick a ho out without giving her cabfare
And leave her barefooted just for nagging in my damn ear
When I'm out eating, you fags'll interfere
They don't go until I let 'em know a mag' is sitting here
I get drunk and I smoke weed, whatcho' ass wanna hear?
I didn't answer you clear, I met Manson this year okay?
You want some yay? I'll front yo' ass a play
But other than that, get the hell out my face
Because you niggas trying to
 (adlibbing)
Blow, my, buzz (heeeeeeey)
Do what you want to just don't blow, my, buzz
(I'm gonna sit here) And I'm gon' sit here and just roll, my, drugs
(hmmmmmm) And if you talk I'm gonna fuck, you, up
(Shut yo' damn mouth!) Just don't say shit and we'll be cool

 Yo, Denaun you seem shook
 I really am dawg - look!
This fat bitch keep chasing me trying to give me the nook
 Aww, man you probably lead her on
 I just bought her a beer!
 I saw her rubbing on your head while she was wiping your tears
 I admit, I was high, but you ain't seen me crying
 Nigga, you lying, and you blowing my high, just stop denying it
 Well at least somebody in this bar is, this big bitch did
The ultimate by saying she wanted to have my kids
 Look man you grown, just leave me alone, I'm in the zone
Call it a night, get stoned, and take that fat slut home
Just drink the drink, hit the dank, do some drugs
Go kill yourself
 Fuck you!
 Well, stop blowing my buzz!

I'm at the front of the bar by the lounge in the back
With a slut on my arm while I'm downing the 'gnac
Got the pills in my system, floating around
Every time I start drifting, someone open they mouth
Yo my ear been spit licked and freestyled in
I think I'm going deaf like most senile men
Only one good demo out of three thousand
(Yo I ain't wanna rap for you anyway) A'ight, peace out then!
Next nigga that bump me, I'mma do the Humpty
And elbow bitches, 'til everybody jump me
(Yo man whassup wit you man why you keep bumpin me and shit)
Whassup fool? Fuck you punk!
(Motherfucker, the fuck? It's on fool it's on! Whassup then nigga?)
 (adlibbing)
Blow, my, buzz (heeeeeeeeeeey)
Do what you want to just don't blow, my, buzz
(Do what you want to) And I'm gon' sit here and just roll, my, drugs
(Smokin', Rollin', on and On...) And if you talk I'm gonna fuck, you, up
(Slap the shit out you!!) Just don't say shit and we'll be cool

We'll be cool
We'll be cool if you don't talk while I'm just trying to smoke my weed
Smoke my weed
I'm trying to drink with my niggas; just shut the fuck up
While I'm just trying to get blowed
Spitting to me some mo'.. (hehehe)7EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy