Y'all know me, still the same OG
But I been low-key
Hated on by most these niggas
With no cheese, no deals and no G's
No wheels and no keys
No boats, no snowmobiles and no skis
Mad at me 'cause I can finally afford to provide my family with groceries
Got a crib with a studio and it's all full of tracks
To add to the wall full of plaques
Hangin' up in the office in back of my house like trophies
Did y'all think I'ma let my dough freeze?
Ho, please
You better bow down on both knees
Who you think taught you to smoke trees?
Who you think brought you the oldies?
Eazy-E's, Ice Cube's, and D.O.C.'s
The Snoop D-O-double-G's
And the group that said, "Motherfuck the police!"
Gave you a tape full of dope beats
To bump when you stroll through in your hood
And when your album sales weren't doin' too good
Who's the Doctor they told you to go see?
Y'all better listen up closely
All you niggas that said that I turned pop or The Firm flopped
Y'all are the reason that Dre ain't been gettin' no sleep
So fuck y'all, all of y'all!
If y'all don't like me, blow me!
Y'all are gon' keep fuckin' around with me and turn me back to the old me
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got somethin' to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got somethin' to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre
So what do you say to somebody you hate (What?)
Or anyone tryna bring trouble your way?
Wanna resolve things in a bloodier way? (Yup)
Just study a tape of N.W.A
One day I was walkin' by
With a Walkman on, when I caught a guy
Gave me an awkward eye ('Chu lookin' at?)
And strangled him up in the parking lot with his Karl Kani
I don't give a fuck if it's dark or not
I'm harder than me tryna park a Dodge
When I'm drunk as fuck
Right next to a humongous truck in a two-car garage
Hoppin' out with two broken legs tryna walk it off
Fuck you too, bitch, call the cops
I'ma kill you and them loud-ass motherfuckin' barkin' dogs
And when the cops came through
Me and Dre stood next to a burnt-down house
With a can full of gas and a hand full of matches
And still weren't found out (Right here!)
So from here on out, it's the Chronic II
Startin' today and tomorrow's anew
And I'm still loco enough to choke you to death with a Charleston Chew
Chicka-chicka-chicka Slim Shady
Hotter than a set of twin babies
In a Mercedes Benz with the windows up
When the temp goes up to the mid-80s
Callin' men ladies
Sorry Doc, but I been crazy
There's no way that you can save me
It's okay, go with him, Hailie (Dada?)
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got somethin' to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got somethin' to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

If it was up to me, you motherfuckers'd stop
Comin' up to me with your hands out
Lookin' up to me like you want somethin' free
When my last CD was out, you weren't bumpin' me
But now that I got this little company
Everybody wanna come to me
Like it was some disease, but you won't get a crumb from me
'Cause I'm from the streets of C-Compton! (Compton!)
I told 'em all
All 'em little gangstas, who you think helped mold 'em all?
Now you wanna run around talkin' 'bout guns like I ain't got none
What, you think I sold 'em all
'Cause I stay well off?
Now all I get is hate mail all day sayin' Dre fell off
What, 'cause I been in the lab
With a pen and a pad tryin' to get this damn label off?
I ain't havin' that
This is the millennium of Aftermath
It ain't gon' be nothin' after that
So give me one more platinum plaque
And fuck rap, you can have it back
So where's all the Mad Rappers at?
It's like a jungle in this habitat
But all you savage cats know that I was strapped with gats
While you were cuddlin' a Cabbage Patch
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk
Like they got somethin' to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk
Like they got somethin' to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got somethin' to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre299EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yeah, nigga, we're still fuckin' wit' you
Still waters run deep
Still Snoop Dogg and D.R.E.
'99, nigga, guess who's back
Still, still doin' that shit, huh, Dre?
Oh for sho'
Yeah
Check me out
It's still Dre Day nigga, AK nigga
Though I've grown a lot, can't keep it home a lot
'Cause when I frequent the spots that I'm known to rock
You hear the bass from the truck when I'm on the block
Ladies they pay homage, but haters say Dre fell off
How? Nigga, my last album was The Chronic (Nigga)
They wanna know if he still got it
They say rap's changed, they wanna know how I feel about it
(If you ain't up on thangs)
Dr. Dre is the name, I'm ahead of my game
Still puffin' my leaves, still fuck with the beats
Still not lovin' police (Huh-uh)
Still rock my khakis with a cuff and a crease (For sho')
Still got love for the streets, reppin' 213 (For life)
Still the beats bang, still doin' my thang
Since I left ain't too much changed, still
I'm representin' for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin' them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin' my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E.
I'm representin' for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin' them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin' my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E.
Since the last time you heard from me I lost some friends
Well, hell, me and Snoop, we dippin' again
Kept my ear to the streets, signed Eminem
He's triple platinum, doin' 50 a week
Still, I stay close to the heat
And even when I was close to defeat, I rose to my feet
My life's like a soundtrack I wrote to the beat
Treat rap like Cali weed: I smoke 'til I'm 'sleep
Wake up in the A.M., compose a beat
I bring the fire 'til you're soakin' in your seat
It's not a fluke, it's been tried, I'm the truth
Since "Turn Out the Lights" from the World Class Wreckin Cru
I'm still at it, after mathematics
In the home of drive-bys and ak-matics
Swap meets, sticky green, and bad traffic
I dip through, then I give you (Still) D.R.E.
I'm representin' for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin' them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin' my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E.
I'm representin' for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin' them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin' my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E.
It ain't nothin' but more hot shit
Another classic CD for y'all to vibe with
Whether you're coolin' on the corner wit' your fly bitch (Biatch)
Laidback in the shack, play this track
I'm representin' for the gangstas all across the world
Still (Hittin' them corners in them low-lows, girl)
I'll break your neck, damn near put your face in your lap
Niggas try to be the king, but the ace is back
(So if you ain't up on thangs)
Dr. Dre be the name (What?), still runnin' the game
Still got it wrapped like a mummy
Still ain't trippin', love to see young blacks get money
Spend time out the hood, take they moms out the hood
Hit my boys off with jobs, no more livin' hard (Nah, nah)
Barbeques every day, drivin' fancy cars (Hey, hey)
Still gon' get mine regardless (Still)
I'm representin' for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin' them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin' my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E.
I'm representin' for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin' them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin' my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E.
I'm representin' for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin' them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin' my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E.

Right back up in your mothafuckin' ass
9-5 plus four pennies, add that shit up
D.R.E. right back up on top of thangs
Smoke some wit' your Dogg
No stress, no seeds, no stems, no sticks!
Some of that real sticky-icky-icky
Ooh wee! Put it in the air!
Well, you's a fool, D-R, ha-ha156EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
One, two, three and to the four
Snoop Doggy Dogg and Dr. Dre is at the door
Ready to make an entrance so back on up
'Cause you know we're 'bout to rip shit up
Give me the microphone first so I can bust like a bubble
Compton and Long Beach together, now you know you in trouble
Ain't nuthin' but a G thang, baby
Two loced out niggas going crazy
Death Row is the label that pays me
Unfadeable so please don't try to fade this (Hell yeah)
But, um, back to the lecture at hand
Perfection is perfected so I'ma let 'em understand
From a young G's perspective
And before me dig out a bitch I have to find a contraceptive
You never know, she could be earnin' her man and learnin' her man
And at the same time burnin' her man
Now, you know I ain't with that shit, Lieutenant
Ain't no pussy good enough to get burnt while I'm up in it (Yeah)
And that's realer than Real-Deal Holyfield
And now you hookers and hoes know how I feel
Well, if it's good enough to get broke off a proper chunk
I'll take a small piece of some of that funky stuff
It's like this and like that and like this and a—
It's like that and like this and like that and a—
It's like this and like that and like this and a—
Dre, creep to the mic like a phantom

Well, I'm peepin' and I'm creepin' and I'm creepin'
But I damn near got caught 'cause my beeper kept beepin'
Now it's time for me to make my impression felt
So sit back, relax, and strap on your seat belt
You never been on a ride like this befo'
With a producer who can rap and control the micstro
At the same time with the dope rhyme that I kick
You know and I know, I flow some old funky shit
To add to my collection, the selection
Symbolizes dope, take a toke, but don't choke
If you do, you'll have no clue
Of what me and my homie Snoop Dogg came to do

It's like this and like that and like this and a—
It's like that and like this and like that and a—
It's like this, and who gives a fuck about those?
So just chill 'til the next episode
You've got the feeling
Rock the other side
You've got the feeling (Yeah, yeah)

Fallin' back on that ass with a hellafied gangsta lean
Gettin' funky on the mic like a old batch of collard greens
It's the capital S, oh, yes, I'm fresh, N, double-O, P
D, O, double-G, Y, D, O, double-G, you see
Showin' much flex when it's time to wreck a mic
Pimpin' hoes and clockin' a grip like my name was Dolemite
Yeah, and it don't quit
I think they in the mood for some motherfuckin' G shit (Hell yeah)
So, Dre (What up, Dogg?)
Gotta give 'em what they want (What's that, G?)
We gotta break 'em off somethin' (Hell yeah)
And it's gotta be bumpin' (City of Compton)

Is where it takes place, so when asked, your attention
Mobbin' like a motherfucker but I ain't lynchin'
Droppin' the funky shit that's makin' the sucker niggas mumble
When I'm on the mic, it's like a cookie, they all crumble
Try to get close and your ass'll get smacked
My motherfuckin' homie Doggy Dogg has got my back
Never let me slip, 'cause if I slip, then I'm slippin'
But if I got my nina, then you know I'm straight trippin'
And I'ma continue to put the rap down, put the mac down
And if you bitches talk shit, I have to put the smack down
Yeah, and you don't stop
I told ya I'm just like a clock when I tick and I tock
But I'm never off, always on to the break of dawn
C-O-M-P-T-O-N and the city they call Long Beach
Puttin' the shit together
Like my nigga D.O.C., no one can do it better
Like this, that and this and a—
It's like that and like this and like that and a—
It's like this, and who gives a fuck about those?
So just chill 'til the next episode

You've got the feeling
Rock the other side
You've got the feeling (Yeah, yeah)
You've got the feeling
Rock the other side
You've got the feeling (Yeah, yeah)
You've got the feeling
Rock the other side
You've got the feeling (Yeah, yeah)127EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
La-da-da-da-dah
It's the motherfuckin' D-O-double-G (Snoop Dogg!)
La-da-da-da-dah
You know I'm mobbin' with the D-R-E, yeah, yeah, yeah
You know who's back up in this motherfucker
What? What? What? What?
So blaze the weed up then, blaze it up, blaze it up!
Just blaze that shit up, nigga! Yeah, 'sup, Snoop?

Top Dogg, bite 'em all, nigga, burn the shit up
D-P-G-C, my nigga, turn that shit up
C-P-T, L-B-C, yeah, we hookin' back up
And when they bang this in the club, baby, you got to get up
Thug niggas, drug dealers, yeah, they givin' it up
Lowlife, yo' life, boy, we livin' it up
Takin' chances while we dancin' in the party for sure
Slipped my ho a forty-fo' when she got in the back do'
Bitches lookin' at me strange, but you know I don't care
Step up in this motherfucker just a-swangin' my hair
Bitch, quit talkin', Crip walk if you down with the set
Take a bullet with some dick and take this dope on this jet
Out of town, put it down for the Father of Rap
And if yo' ass get cracked, bitch, shut yo' trap
Come back, get back, that's the part of success
If you believe in the X, you'll be relievin' your stress
La-da-da-da-dah
It's the motherfuckin' D-R-E (Dr. Dre, motherfucker!)
La-da-da-da-dah

You know I'm mobbin' with the D-O-double-G
Straight off the fuckin' streets of C-P-T
King of the beats, you ride to 'em in your Fleet (Fleetwood)
Or Coupe DeVille rollin' on dubs
How you feel? Whoopty whoop, nigga what?
Dre and Snoop chronic'd out in the 'llac
With D.O.C. in the back, sippin' on 'gnac (Yeah)
Clip in the strap, dippin' through hoods (What hood?)
Compton, Long Beach, Inglewood
South Central out to the West Side, it's California Love
This California bud got a nigga gang of pub
I'm on one, I might bail up in the Century Club
With my jeans on, and my team strong
Get my drink on and my smoke on
Then go home with somethin' to poke on ('Sup bitch?)
Loc, it's on for the two-triple-oh
Comin' real, it's the next episode
Hold up, hey
For my niggas who be thinkin' we soft, we don't play
We gonna rock it 'til the wheels fall off
Hold up, hey
For my niggas who be actin' too bold, take a seat
Hope you ready for the next episode
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Smoke weed every day
118EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
I'm about to lose my mind
You've been gone for so long
I'm runnin' out of time
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life
I told the world, one day I would pay it back
Say it on tape, and lay it, record it
So that one day I could play it back
But I don't even know if I believe it when I'm sayin' that
Doubts startin' to creep in, every day, it's just so gray and black
Hope, I just need a ray of that, 'cause no one sees my vision
When I play it for 'em, they just say it's wack
But they don't know what dope is
And I don't know if I was awake or asleep when I wrote this
All I know is, you came to me when I was at my lowest
You picked me up, breathed new life in me, I owe my life to you
But for the life of me, I don't see why you don't see like I do
But it just dawned on me you lost a son
Demons fightin' you, it's dark
Let me turn on the lights and brighten me and enlighten you
I don't think you realize what you mean to me
Not the slightest clue
'Cause me and you were like a crew, I was like your sidekick
You gon' either wanna fight when I get off this fuckin' mic
Or you gon' hug me, but I'm outta options
There's nothin' else I can do 'cause—
I'm about to lose my mind
You've been gone for so long
I'm runnin' out of time
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life

It hurts when I see you struggle, you come to me with ideas
You say they're just pieces, so I'm puzzled
'Cause the shit I hear is crazy
But you're either gettin' lazy or you don't believe in you no more
Seems like your own opinions, not one you can form
Can't make a decision, you keep questionin' yourself
Second guessin' and it's almost like you're beggin' for my help
Like I'm your leader, you're supposed to fuckin' be my mentor
I can endure no more, I demand you remember who you are
It was you who believed in me when everyone was tellin' you
Don't sign me, everyone at the fuckin' label, let's tell the truth
You risked your career for me, I know it as well as you
Nobody wanted to fuck with the white boy
Dre, I'm cryin' in this booth
You saved my life, now maybe it's my turn to save yours
But I can never repay you, what you did for me is way more
But I ain't givin' up faith, and you ain't givin' up on me
Get up, Dre, I'm dyin', I need you
Come back, for fuck's sake, 'cause—
I'm about to lose my mind
You've been gone for so long
I'm runnin' out of time
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life
Bring me back to life
Bring me back to life
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life

It literally feels like a lifetime ago
But I still remember the shit like it was just yesterday, though
You walked in, yellow jump suit, whole room, cracked jokes
Once you got inside the booth, told you, mic smoke
Went through friends, some of them I put on, but they just left
They said they was ridin' to the death
But where the fuck are they now, now that I need them?
I don't see none of them, all I see is Slim
Fuck all you fair-weather friends, all I need is him
Fuckin' backstabbers
When the chips were down, you just laughed at us
Now you 'bout to feel the fuckin' wrath of Aftermath, faggots
You gon' see us in our lab jackets and ask where the fuck we been?
You can kiss my indecisive ass crack, maggots
And the cracker's ass, little cracker jack beat
Makin' wack math, backwards producers; I'm back, bastards
One more CD and then I'm packin' up my bags
And as I'm leavin', I'll guarantee they'll scream:
"Dre, don't leave us like that, man", 'cause—
I'm about to lose my mind
You've been gone for so long
I'm runnin' outta time
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life150EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
What's the difference between me and you?
What's the difference between me and you?

Back when Cube was rollin' with Lorenzo in a Benzo
I was bangin' with a gang of instrumentals
Got the pens and pencils, got down to business
But sometimes, the business end of this shit can turn your friends against you
But you was a real nigga, I could sense it in you
I still remember the window of the car that you went through
That's fucked up, but I'll never forget the shit we been through
And I'ma do whatever it takes to convince you
'Cause you my nigga, Doc, and Eazy, I'm still wit' you
Fuck the beef, nigga, I miss you, and that's just being real wit' you
You see, the truth is, everybody wanna know how close me and Snoop is, and who I'm still cool with
Then, I got these fake-ass niggas I first blew with
Claimin' they nonviolent, talkin' like they— (Do not resist the beat)
Spit venom in interviews, speakin' on reunions
Move units, then talk shit, and we can do this
Until then, I ain't even speakin' your name
Just keep my name out of your mouth, and we can keep it the same, nigga
It ain't that I'm too big to listen to the rumors
It's just that I'm too damn big to pay attention to 'em
That's the difference
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to livin' big-dog-style and straight coastin'
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to livin' big-dog-style and straight coastin'

Yo, I stay with it, while you try to perpetrate, play with it
Never knew about the next level 'til Dre did it (Yeah)
I stay committed while you motherfuckers babysitted
I smash the critics like a overhand right from Riddick (Yeah)
Come and get it, shitted on villains by the millions
I be catchin' bitches while bitches be catchin' feelings
So what the fuck am I supposed to do?
I pop bottles and hot hollow-points at each and all of you (Come on!)
A heartless bastard, high and plastered
My style is like the reaction from too much acid—never come down!
Pass it around if you can't handle it
Hang Hollywood niggas by they Soul Train laminates
What's the difference between me and you? (What?)
About five bank accounts, three ounces, and two vehicles
Until my death, I'm Bangladesh
I suggest you hold your breath 'til ain't none left
Yo, that's the difference!
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to livin' big-dog-style and straight coastin'
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to livin' big-dog-style and straight coastin'

A'ight, hold up, hold up!
Stop the beat a minute! I got somethin' to say, Dre
I wanna tell you this shit right now while this fuckin' weed is in me (What the fuck?)
I don't know if I ever told you this
But I love you, dog, I got your motherfuckin' back (Right), just know this shit
Slim, I don't know if you noticed it
But I've had your back from day one, nigga, let's blow this bitch
I mean it, dog—you ever need somebody offed: "Whose throat is it?"
Well, if you ever kill that Kim bitch, I'll show you where the ocean is
Well, that's cool, and I appreciate the offer
But if I do decide to really murder my daughter's mama
I'ma sit her up in the front seat and put sunglasses on her
And cruise around with her for seven hours through California
And have her wavin' at people (Hi!)
Then drop her off on the corner at the police station
And drive off, honkin' the horn for her (*Beep-beep!*)
Raw-dog, get your arm gnawed off
Drop the sawed-off and beat you with the piece it was sawed off of
Fuck blood, I wanna see some lungs coughed up
Get shot up in the hot tub 'til the bubbles pop up
In they nose and cough snot up, mucus and hot water
That's for tryna talk like The Chronic was lost product
That's for even thinkin' of havin' them thoughts thought up
And you better show some respect whenever the Doc's brought up
So what's the difference between us? We can start at the penis
Or we can scream, "I just don't give a fuck!" and see who means it
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to livin' big-dog-style and straight coastin'
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to livin' big-dog-style and straight coastin'

What's the difference between me and— (*gunshot*)83EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Doc, doc, you gotta give us some good news
(Yeah, about that…)
Don't let me find out the bitch in you
Don't let me find out the snitch in you
Fame and fortune is not your forte
Fuck the world now, I'm done with foreplay
Doctor's orders: go fuck yourself
Take two of these in the mornin', overdose and kill yourself
Doctor's orders
Listen, this is my evaluation
This shit oversaturated, y'all can get evacuated
Kids sippin' Actavis and they ain't even activated
Married to the Internet, stuck in place, salivatin'
Ain't nobody graduatin'
Don't nobody love this shit the way I love it
That's why I gotta hate it
Everybody out for fame, that ain't no exaggeration
Damn, I'm gettin' aggravated
Fuck, I'm gettin' agitated
Teachers so underpaid in these fuckin' schools
The police got our name in all they databases
Girls be thirteen actin' twenty-two
Niggas be forty-four actin' half they ages
Somebody tell me, what the fuck is goin' on?
These niggas in tight shit, I'm in the fuckin' Matrix
It's lookin' like a sign of the revelation
'Bout time of the return of the fuckin' greatest
I got all these patients, man
How come they ain't patient with me?
They just think I want the money
Why? When I can't take it with me
Y'all don't do it for the love, for the love not
They gon' find out who you are
Just admit it 'fore you get admitted
Say, what you livin' about? (Fuck you gon' tell me?)
Do you remember where you started out though?
You're lookin' lost now (You want a pass? Oh, damn!)
Fake it 'til you make it, take your little paper
But when you look in the mirror your credibility’s gone now
I'd rather be hated on for who I am
Than to be loved for who I'm not, that's word to Doc
Fame and fortune is not your forte
Fuck the world now, I'm done with foreplay
Doctor's orders: go fuck yourself
Take two of these in the mornin', overdose and kill yourself
In the beginning a few of the people who had a problem I was this good scoffed, I just shook off
Prob'ly reminded you of the first time you saw Tiger Woods golf
Never thought about how much my race and nationality meant
But based on how I ascended
See how plain it was now, they want me to jet
But no one really gave a fuck about my descent, 'til I took off
Mistook me because I looked soft
But I stood tall, I just followed the Doctor's orders
So I rose and grew balls, told these hoes to screw off
Decided opposing you is what I'm ‘posed to do, all's
I did was say what I'm feeling when the vocal booth calls
And had you on pins and needles when I spoke to you all
You felt my pain, it's almost like I poked voodoo dolls
And I hope my spirit haunts the studios when I'm gone
My picture jumps off a poster and just floats through the halls
And fuckin' goes through the walls like the ghost of Lou Rawls
Karma's headed for Armageddon
The drama setter, I'm going in, already got an arm and head in
Whoever said words are just words ain't heard me word 'em
I give a fuck if my image even ends up taking a personal hit
Whoever I hurt or whatever bridges I burned in this bitch
And whatever bitches feel like they didn't deserve what they get
And whatever consequences come with every verse
It's worth it, so Doc, turn the beat on
Whose turn is it to get murdered on it?
And here's to all the years I spent toein' a line to overtime
As sure as a mole is blind
In my mind I'm still underground as a groundhog
And I'ma go for mine, like a whole furrow just tryna dig up some gold and diamonds and coal to find
No signs of slowin', these lines are my 9's
I just load up the most rhymes and open fire with a closed mind
All I needed was someone to co-sign
Been a Doctor's assault rifle
With the sniper scope for this whole time
Day one, say when to blast, just give me the order, I spray (uh)
Pain in the ass, you'll get shot in the ass with a paint gun
Ain't no one safe from, non-believers there ain't none
I even make the bitches I rape cum
I'm waitin' on someone to say somethin'
Dre, make the bass pump!
And let the tape run for old time's sake!
I spit it straight through, this is take one
The moment you're waitin' for has come, but the—
Fame and fortune is not your forte
Fuck the world now, I'm done with foreplay
Doctor's orders: go fuck yourself
Take two of these in the mornin', overdose and kill yourself
Doctor's orders, Doctor's orders

Ah, fuck!140EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Hah, yeah
Hell yeah
Hah, know what I'm saying?
Yeah

Mista Busta, where the fuck you at?
Can't scrap a lick, so I know you got your gat
Your dick on hard from fuckin' your road dogs
The hoods you threw up with, niggas you grew up with
Don't even respect your ass
That's why it's time for the doctor to check your ass, nigga
Used to be my homie, used to be my ace
Now I wanna slap the taste out ya mouth
Make ya bow down to the Row
Fuckin' me, now I'm fuckin' you, lil' ho
Oh, don't think I forgot, let you slide
Let me ride, just another homicide
Yeah, it's me so I'ma talk on
Stomping on the easiest streets that you can walk on
So strap on your Compton hat, your locs
And watch your back 'cause you might get smoked, loc
And pass the bud and stay low-key
B.G., 'cause you lost all your homie's love
Now call it what you want to
You fucked with me, now it's a must that I fuck with you
You better raise up
Yeah, that's what the fuck I'm talkin' about
We have your mothafuckin' record company surrounded
Put down the candy and let the little boy go
You know what I'm sayin'? Punk motherfucker
We want Eazy! We want Eazy! We want Eazy!

Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
Doggy Dogg's in the motherfuckin' house
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
Death Row's in the motherfuckin house
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
The sounds of a dog brings me to another day
Play with my bone, would ya Timmy?
It seems like you're good for making jokes about your jimmy
Well, here's a jimmy joke about your mama that you might not like
I heard she was a 'Frisco dyke
But fuck your mama, I'm talking about you and me
Toe to toe, Tim M-U-T
Your bark was loud but your bite wasn't vicious
And them rhymes you were kickin' were quite bootylicious
You get with Doggy Dogg? "Oh, is he crazy?"
With your mama and your daddy hollering "Baby!"
So won't they let you know
That if you fuck with Dre, nigga, you're fuckin' wit Death Row
And I ain't even swangin' them thangs
I'm hollerin' 187 with my dick in your mouth, biatch
Yeah, nigga, Compton and Long Beach together on this motherfucker
So you wanna pop that shit, get your motherfuckin' cranium cracked, nigga, step on up
Now, we ain't no motherfuckin' joke, so remember the name
Mighty, mighty D-R
Yeah, motherfucker (The shit done hit the fan)

Now understand this, my nigga Dre can't be touched
Luke's bending over so Luke's getting fucked, buster
Must've thought I was sleazy
Or thought I was a mark 'cause I used to hang with Eazy
Animosity made you speak what you spoke (Yeah)
Ayo, Dre (What up?) Chip this nigga off, loc
If it ain't another ho that I gots to fuck with
Gap teeth in your mouth so my dick's gots to fit
With my nuts on your tonsils
While you're on stage rappin' at your wack-ass concert
And I'ma snatch your ass from the backside
And show you how Death Row pull off that who-ride
Now you might not understand me
'Cause I'ma rob you in Compton and blast you in Miami
Then we gonna creep to South Central
On a street knowledge mission as I steps in the temple
Spot him, got him, as I pulls out my strap
Got my chrome to the side of his White Sox hat
You tryna check my homie, you best check yourself
'Cause when you diss Dre you diss yourself, motherfucker (Yeah, nigga)
So I don't want no dilapidated, two-faced, pigeon-toed, bow-legged, cross-eyed son of a gun fuckin' with me (Fuckin' with me)
Yeah, nine-deuce
Dr. Dre droppin' chronic once again
It don't stop
Punishin' punk motherfuckers real quick-like
Compton style, nigga
Doggy Dogg's in the motherfuckin' house
Yeah, Long Beach is in the motherfuckin' house
Yeah, yeah, straight up
Really, though
Breaking all them suckas off something real proper-like
You know what I'm sayin'?
All them sucka-ass niggas can eat a fat dick
Yeah, Eazy-E, Eazy-E, Eazy-E can eat a big fat dick
Tim Dog can eat a big fat dick
Luke can eat a fat dick
Yeah (Yeah)48EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks

Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after you're done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run
Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after you're done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run

I used to know a bitch named Eric Wright
We used to roll around and fuck the hoes at night
Tighter than a motherfucka with the gangsta beats
And we was ballin' on the motherfuckin' Compton streets
Peep, the shit got deep and it was on
Number one song after number one song
Long as my motherfuckin' pockets was fat
I didn't give a fuck where the bitch was at
But she was hangin' with a white bitch, doing the shit she do
Suckin' on his dick just to get a buck or two
And the few ends she got didn't mean nothin'
Now she's suing 'cause shit that she be doing ain't shit
Bitch can't hang with the streets, she found herself short
So now she taking me to court
It's real conversation for your ass
So recognize and pass to Daz
Now as I'm rollin' with my nigga Dre and Eastwood
Fuckin' hoes, clockin' dough, up to no good
We flip-flop and serve hoes like flapjacks
(But we don't love them hoes) Bitch, and it's like that
This is what you look for in a ho who got cash flow
You run up in them hoes and grab the cash and get your dash on
While you're chillin' with your homies and shit
And how my niggas kick the anthem like this (Biatch)

Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after you're done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run

To the store to get me a 4-0
Snoop Doggy Dogg paged, that must mean more hoes
So I head down the streets to Long Beach
Just so I could meet a freak
To lick me from my head to my feet
And I'm here, now I'm ready to be done up
Nothin' but homies around, so I puts my gun up
Bitches on my nuts like clothes, hah
But I'm from Tha Pound and we don't love them hoes
How could you trust a ho? (Why?) 'Cause a ho's a trick
I don't love them tricks (Why?) 'cause a trick's a bitch
And my dick's constantly in her mouth
Turnin' them trick-ass hoes the fuck out now
I once had a bitch named Annie Mae
Used to be all in them guts like every day
The pussy was the bomb, had a nigga on sprung
I was in love like a motherfucker, lickin' the pearl tongue
The homies used to tell me that she wasn't no good
But I'm the maniac in black, Mr. Snoop Eastwood
So I figured niggas wouldn't trip with mine
Guess what? Got gaffled by one-time
I'm back to the motherfuckin' county jail
Six months on my chest, now it's time to bail
Uh, I gets released on a hot sunny day
My nigga D.O.C. and my homie Dr. Dre
Scoop in a coupe, "Snoop, we got news
Your girl was trickin' while you was draped in your county blues"
I ain't been out a second
And already gotta do some motherfuckin' chin-checkin'
Move up the blocks as we groove up the block
See my girl's house, "Dre, pass the Glock"
Kick in the door, I look on the floor
It's my little cousin Daz and he's fuckin' my ho, yo
(Bitches ain't shit) I un-cock my shit
I'm heartbroke but I'm still loc'ed, man, fuck a bitch

Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after you're done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run
Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after you're done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run
Bitches ain't shit
Ooh, yeah, oh-oh, yeah
I don't give a fuck about a bitch (Bitches ain't shit)
But I'll let her know that she can't fade this
'Cause I'm doin' my own thing (Bitches ain't shit)
Down with the swang (Sing to these hoes)
I'm hangin' with Death Row like it ain't no thang
I say you know you can't deal (Bitches ain't shit, Death Row)
'Cause I'm a bitch that's real
Motherfuckers need to step back
Hell yeah, they need to chill (Tell these motherfuckers)
Because I don't give a fuck (Bitches ain't shit), and I don't give a fuck
And I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck (Tell these motherfuckers)
And now I gotta do some—
I gotta do some shit that's clean (Bitches ain't shit)
But when I'm on the dick, hell yeah, I get real mean, hah
Like a washer machine, I can wash the clothes
All the hoes knows that I'm on the flo', ho (Bitches ain't shit)
But they can't hang with my type of swang
I ain't tryna say I suck every ding-a-lang
But just the juicy ones with the tip of the tongue
And then they're sprung and with their nuts hung

Bitches ain't shit28EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Where you from nigga?
(Help me!)

"What is going on in Compton? I don't understand it."
"Well as it relates to this, this is not in my field as the clerk so anything that relates to this, you'll probably have to get an answer from Dr. Dre."

I heard you talking about respect, I gave you niggas the utmost
All you niggas the utmost
Would you look over Picasso's shoulder
And tell him about his brush strokes?
Them opinions, I don't trust those
I apologize, the city made a nigga so cutthroat
Every hood love me, but it started on one coast
Could've stopped in '86 but I knew that you would want more
I'm on the throne in a place some niggas won't go

(Don't get it fucked up!) Been away from home
But I ain't been gone that long
(All they wanna know is: where you from? Where you from?
Where you from, nigga, huh? Compton!)

Psst! This is about where I'm from
I think it's time to take these niggas to the deep water
Yeah, down in the Pacific (The Pacific), representin'
Where them sharks at nigga, down in the deep water
Listen, listen, listen, all you niggas swimming in the info
Go fuck around and drown in the specifics
Always going overboard, used to be my kinfolk
Now you sleeping with the motherfuckin' fishes
(Swimming with the mothefuckin' fishes, what the business?)
These niggas won't let up until they all wet up
(Don't get it fucked up!) Naw, nigga!
Now everybody wanna visit tryna re-up that prescription
(That prescription, yep, yeah, re-up)
That's my nigga, watercolors couldn't even paint the picture
If they don't get the picture, fuck them
Yeah, drugs by the dozen
You might just wanna go and check the children
(You might just wanna check your fuckin' children)
I'm the one that got they ear
Ah, for many years, I been making parents live in fear
I just wanna make it clear: My influence run deep like the ocean

(Don't get it fucked up!) Been away from home
But I ain't been gone that long
(All they wanna know is: where you from? Where you from?
Where you from, nigga, huh? Compton!)

Feel's like you're drowning, don't you?
About a hundred miles down in that ocean
It's over, shoulda never jumped in
If you can't swim (If you can't swim, if you can't swim)
Oh my God, where's a lifeguard when you need one?
Motherfucker know I started from the bottom, vodka baby bottle
Mixin' that with Similac, my momma knew I had a problem
Wasn't thinking 'bout no rapping, I was juuging for a dollar
Putting quarter pieces in the black Caprice and make it holla
No policing me, I got the beast in me, I gotta holla
Keep the decency and make them TNT my product
I'm a C-O-M-P-T-O-innovator, energizer
Inner city bullet flyin' 'til that bitch on auto pilot
Ah, shit! I don't give a fuck about your whereabouts
All I care about is wearing out your area
And airing out your upper body
When I catch ya walking out your parents house
(Don't get it fucked up!) Homie got fucked up
Tryna park his tour bus, not knowing what's what
Or who's who, living in the L.A. County zoo
Pick them off like a big dog, motherfucker, woof!
Once upon a time, I shot a nigga on accident (Boom, boom, boom)
I tried to kill him but I guess I needed more practicing (Boom, boom, boom)
That's when I realized banging wasn't for everybody
Switch it up before my enemy or the sheriff got me
They liable to bury him, they nominated six to carry him
They worry him to death, but he's no vegetarian
The beef is on his breath, inheriting the drama better than
A great white, nigga, this is life in my aquarium
(Don't get it fucked up!) Been away from home
Been away from home all night long
(All they wanna know is: where you from?
Where you from, nigga, huh? Compton)

This is about where I'm from
I think it's time to take these niggas to the deep water
Yeah, down in the Pacific
Where them sharks at, nigga, down in the deep water
Help me
(Feels like you're drowning)
I'm drowning
Help me, help me, help me
Somebody help me
(Shoulda never jumped in
If you, if you can't swim)
Help me
Help me, help me, help me
I can't, I can't breathe
I can't breathe, help
(Where's a lifeguard when you need one?)
God, please, please help me, please
Please help me, please help...
Please help, please, please...59EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Xxplosive, West coast shit
My nigga-ish ways attract girls that used to turn they back
Causing me to yank they arm and pose like I would do them harm
Now I'm saying "Thank you" 'cause they tell me my shit's the bomb
Xxplosive
For my niggas drinking Cognac, smoking weed, always pack
More than one firearm, chrome rims, riding on
Chronic in your system, let me know my shit's the bomb
Xxplosive

West Coast shit, nigga
Over-dosage, imperial pistols ferocious
Fuck a bitch, don't tease, bitch, striptease, bitch
Eat a bowl of these, bitch, gobble a dick
Hoes forgot to eat a dick and shut the fuck up (Fuck up, bitch)
Gobble and swallow a nut up, shut up. and get my cash (Cash)
Backhanded, pimp-slapped backwards, and left stranded
Just pop your collar, pimp convention, hoes for a dollar
Six-Deuce in a plush, six-deuce Impala
Pimping hoes from Texas to Guatemala
Bitch niggas pay for hoes (Hoes) just to lay with hoes (Hoes)
Relax one night and pay to stay with hoes (Hoes)
Captain Save-'Em-All-Day (Bitch), well, save this dick
Bitch nigga, you more of a bitch than a bitch
You ain't into hittin' pussy or hittin' a switch
You into hitting bitches off with a grip, you punk bitch
All my real dogs still kick it with me
All my down hoes still tricking with me
All the true gangstas know
Nate ain't never love no ho
All the hoodrats still shake it for me
All my true fans still checking for me
All the real smokers know
Nate ain't passing nothing' but dro
Indeed
Real trees
Chronic leaves
No seeds
When I met you last night, baby
Before I blew your mind (Blew, blew, blew your mind)
I thought we had a chance, lady
No more—now that I'm sober, you ain't that fine, mm-mm
Don't wanna treat you wrong
Don't wanna lead you on
Here, baby, hit the bong
While the West Coast rolls along
(While we) Still making gangsta hits
(You be) Still jockin' gangsta dicks
Damn, girl, you think you're slick?
Somebody better get this bitch, this bitch
I got these freaky hoes clapping they hands, stomping they feet
Every now and then, they put they mouth on me
Nowadays, a G like me can't even call it
A 23-year-old pussy fiend and freakaholic
Pimping bitches on the regular, I put that on the G
A hustler and a player: Nowadays, it pays to be
Let me drop some shit about this bitch I used to know
She gave your boy the head and said, "Don't let nobody know"
A bona fide pro, I had to grab the ho
She got freaky in your sixty-four, I skeeted in her throat
Been knowin' the ho for four days, pimpery pays
And I bet you didn't know that she go both ways
She ate her best friend, I left them hoes at the Mo'
They be beeping me and shit, but we don't kick it no more
Them hot hoes is fiending, they on the nuts
But bitch, I'm out your pussy when I nut, for real

Xxplosive!49EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Hi, baby
I know you're under a lot of pressure at your work and all
And I do understand
You have no idea how much I understand
But you also don't have any idea how much I love you
I love you so much
I think about you I feel you in my arms
I miss you... I miss you terribly
I've just always wanted someone like you in my life
I love you so much that I'd do anything
I'd do anything
I'll be your perfect woman for you

I just wanna fuck bad bitches
For all them nights I never had bitches
Now I'm all up in that ass, bitches
Mad at your boyfriend, ain't 'cha?
You'se a bad girl, gotta spank ya
And gotta thank ya for that head clinic
Explicit, hella photogenic
And tell your friends where the dick's at
Where they can get hit and won't get back to they soulmate
Before you kiss 'em, use Colgate
She swallowed it, yeah, the bitch took the whole eight
And ran with it, then let Mel-Man hit it
And Hittman hit it; damn, bitches
Man, this is what I'm talkin' 'bout
Chicken head, chicken fed, with a dick in your mouth
Out and about with your nigga like it never took place
(AirTouch me) Next time you need a taste
I just wanna fuck you
No touchin' and rubbin', girl
You've got a husband who loves you
Don't need you all in mine
I just wanna fuck you
We can't be kissin' and huggin', girl
You've got a husband who loves you
You need to give him your quality time

You got the number, it's on you to make the call
You know I come quick, help you redecorate your walls
Cut your backyard, don’t have to act hard to get the cock
And if I'm going too far, I take it out and wipe it off
And put it back up, and keep going
You tryin' to hide it from your husband, but I know he be knowin'
That your pussy's been tampered with
Did you show him that new trick
Of how you can make it smoke a cancer stick?
You be workin' it like a dancer, bitch; it's hard on me
Not to give you all of my time that you wanted
You can give me some head, but keep the breakfast in bed
I'd rather spend my morning diggin' through some records instead
But tonight, I guess it'd be aight if we can touch bases
Hook up somewhere and exchange some Fuck Faces
I know your man's looking for ya, he's always trying to run ya
Don't worry 'bout me handcuffin', girl, 'cause I just wanna
Fuck witchu on the sneak tip, on some creep shit
So whatcha gon' do, you freak bitch?
You acting like you don't do dicks
That's the kinda bitch I hate fuckin' with
Baby was a virgin, that's what she said
So I gave her some Hennessy, she gave me some head
I fucked her on the floor so I wouldn't mess up my bed
Then Lil' ½ Dead put his dick on her head
Take that bitch home and give her a bone
And give her the number to my cellular phone
Now she's blowin' up my pager, the shit's gettin' major
A favor for a favor, this dick is what I gave her
Somethin' to go by and bitches know why
Stuff dick in they mouth and then I'm out (See ya!)
24/7, Dre, Snoop and Devin
We servin' these hoes and never lovin' these hoes, biatch

I just wanna fuck you
No touchin' and rubbin', girl
You've got a husband who loves you
Don't need you all in mine
I just wanna fuck you
We can't be kissin' and huggin', girl
You've got a husband who loves you
You need to give him your quality time27EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Biatch!
Eeeh, wha'ppen nuh baby
You look good inna ya car, eeh
Longtime mi watch ya and mi wah chat to ya
And ya a gwaan like ya nuh wah chat to me
So wha'ppen Dre, tell 'em weh di fuck a gwaan nuh
Creepin' down the back street on D's
I got my Glock cocked 'cause niggas want these
No soon as I said it, seems I got sweated
By some nigga with a TEC-9 tryin' to take mine
You wanna make noise? Make noise
I make a phone call, my niggas comin' like the Gotti boys
Bodies bein' found on Greenleaf
With their fuckin' heads cut off, motherfucker, I'm Dre
So listen to the play-by-play, day-by-day
Rollin' in my four with sixteen switches
And got sounds for the bitches
Clockin' all the riches, got the hollow points for the snitches
So won't you just walk on by? 'Cause I'm too hard to lift
And no, this ain't Aerosmith
It's the motherfuckin' D-R-E from the CPT
On a rhymin' spree, a straight G
Hop back, as I pop my top, you trip
I let the hollow points commence to pop, pop, pop
Yeah, 'cause if it don't stop
I'll have to put my shit in reverse, go back and take another spot
'Cause I'm—
Rollin' in my six-four
What all the niggas sayin'?
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (What all the niggas sayin'?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride

Just another motherfuckin' day for Dre, so I'll begin like this
No medallions, dreadlocks or black fists
It's just that gangsta glare with gangsta raps
That gangsta shit makes a gangs of snaps, uh
Word to the motherfuckin' streets
And word to these hyped-ass lyrics and dope beats
That I hit you with, that I get you with
As I groove in my four on D's, hittin' the switches
Bitches, relax, while I get my proper swerve on
Bumpin' like a motherfucker, ready to get my serve on
But before I hit the dope spot
Gotta get the chronic, the Rémy Martin and my soda pop
Now I'm smellin' like Indonesia
Bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers
On my dick 'cause my four on hit
Pancake, front and back, side to side, and all that shit
So when I crawl, I comes correct
Now if your bitch in my shit, it's your bitch you check, nigga
Now let the Chevrolet slide
As I dip and make a trip to the south side, yeah
Rollin' in my six-four
What all the bitches sayin'?
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (What all the motherfuckin' bitches sayin'?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Know what I'm sayin'?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride

Check this out
The sun went down when I hit Slauson
On my way to the strip, now I'm just flossin'
Checkin' my rearview 'cause niggas, they will do
Jack moves, black fools 'cause I smack fools
Tryin' to set me up for a two-eleven
Fuck around and get caught up in a one-eight-seven
But I don't represent no gangbang
Some niggas like lynchin', but I just watch 'em hang
So on and so on, why don't you let me roll on?
I remember back in the days when I used to have to get my stroll on
Didn't nobody wanna speak
Now everybody peepin' out they window when they hear me beatin' up the street
Is it Dre? Is it Dre?
That's what they say every single motherfuckin' day
Yo, but I ain't trippin', I'm just kickin' it
While my D's keep spinnin' and these hoes keep grinnin' I'll be—
Rollin' in my six-four
What everybody sayin'?

Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride (What everybody sayin'?)
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride32EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Where you at? Where you from?
Whatcha doing over here, motherfucker?
Whatcha think? What you bang?
This ain't no motherfuckin' game
Now I ain't never been no gangsta
But I know niggas, know niggas from the darkside
There's some cold killas, cold killas (My man, he used to tell me)
"My nigga, you should roll with us, roll with us" (Every night)
Married to the more money, more women
Now I ain't ever been the one that'll pull a gun on you
But I know who got 'em
No, I never sold no drugs, homie
But I know who got 'em
And I never had no fucking bullets in me
But I know who got 'em
Mmmmm, heeeey-heeeeeey
If you die tonight, you die tonight
Momma might cry tonight if she find you high off the dynamite
But to you, well, it's just another Friday night
Got a nigga feeling kinda nice
With the Bible right beside that pile of white
That's what this life is like
(Now do you love your life?)
Now please don't give me a reason, reason
'Cause I know you wanna keep breathing this evening
I've been killing the game for seasons, believe him
That I'm the motherfuckin' one to breed them and lead 'em
In a league of my own
You ain't even made it up to my throne
You ain't even authorized for this song
Might be best for you to get goin'
Best be careful about your tone
That shit can hit me wrong and it's on
I have tried my best to be calm
Please don't make me grab that phone (Uh-oh)
Now who you know who came this fucking far
From the fucking bottom?
Thirty years in this bitch and I'm still here
Decade after decade
And evidently I must be doing somethin' right
Word to my nigga Eazy
Eazy-E C-P-T OG from the other side (Eazy)
From the other side (Eazy)

It's easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But It's hard for me to believe it
You'll find out when I'm gone

I went from hanging out down at the swap meet
To driving some of the hottest cars L.A. has ever seen
People been tellin' me I've grown into some kind of monster
But they don't know me though, I've been this way since seventeen
Tryna get finances poppin', man, I thought that was the object
'Til some of my niggas lost they life and then there goes the team
My only dream was holding it down, like, fuck who tryna stop us
You could get the middle finger or the reddest beam
It's your choice, I took this industry by storm, young and black
Killing them softly
Don't ever call me fortunate, you don't know what it cost me
So anybody complaining about they circumstances lost me, homie
We ain't even talkin', fuck that energy, fuck up off me, ugh!

It's easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But It's hard for me to believe it
You'll find out when I'm gone
You look at my lifestyle
I'm living my life now
I'm dealing with diligent Benjamin
How come my attitude piped down?
I'm fucking with Ice now
I'm fucking with shit that you only can get
On an oversea flight now
You scared of my heights now
But still, I got enemies giving me energy
I wanna fight now
Subliminal, sending me all of this hate
I thought I was holding the mic down
I thought I was holding my city up
I thought I was good in the media
You think I'm too hood in my video?
But really, no clue, you idiot
I just can't help myself
Even when that record spin
Every now and then, you hang yourself
'Cause I got the green and gold (With a million sold)
Plus plenty more, (and my dollar thicker)
But with or without the diamonds, though
(To you) I'm just another (Nigga!)

It's easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But It's hard for me to believe it
You'll find out when I'm gone

You'll find out when I'm gone41EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Hit this motherfucker, G
No, naw, man, I can't fuck with that
Aw, man, I been dealin' with you for three motherfuckin' months, you ain't hit the pipe in front of me yet!
So, what you sayin'?
I think you 5-0!
5-0? Man, I ain't no motherfuckin' cop!
Well, hit this motherfucker then
(Lights pipe)

("I can feel it!")

Tonight's the night I get in some shit (Yeah)
Deep cover, on the incognito tip
Killin' motherfuckers if I have to, peelin' caps, too
Let your niggas know I'm comin' at you
I guess that's part of the game
But I feel for the nigga who think he just gonna come and change things with the swiftness
So get it right with the quickness
And let me handle my business, yo
I'm on a mission, and my mission won't stop
Until I get the nigga maxin' at the top
I hope you get his ass 'fore he drop
Kingpin, kickin' back while his workers slang his rocks
Comin' up like a fat rat
Big money, big cars, big bodyguards on his back
So it's difficult to get him
But I got the hook up with somebody who knows how to get in contact with him
Hit him like this and like that
Let him know that I'm lookin' for a big, fat dope sack
With ends to spend, so let's rush it
If you want to handle it tonight, we'll discuss it
On a nigga's time, and a nigga's place
Take my strap just in case one of his boys recognize my face
'Cause he's a sheisty motherfucker
But I gives a fuck, 'cause I'm goin' deep cover
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop

Creep with me as I crawl through the hood
Maniac, lunatic, call him "Snoop Eastwood"
Kickin' dust as I bust, fuck peace, and
The motherfuckin' punk police
You already know I gives a fuck about a cop
So why in the fuck would you think that it would stop?
Plot, yeah, that's what we's about to do
Take your ass on a mission with the boys in blue
Dre! (What up, Snoop?) Yo, I got the feelin'
Tonight's the night, like Betty Wright, and I'm chillin'
Killin', feelin' no remorse, yeah
So let's go straight to the motherfuckin' source
And see what we can find
Crooked-ass cops that be gettin' niggas a gang of time
And now, they wanna make a deal with me
Scoop me up and put me on they team and chill with me
And make my pockets bigger
They want to meet with me tonight at seven o'clock (So, what's up, nigga?)
What you wanna do? (What you wanna do?)
I got the gauge, a Uzi, and my motherfuckin' twenty-two
So, if you wanna blast, nigga, we can buck 'em
If we stick 'em, then we struck 'em, so fuck 'em!
("I can feel it!")
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop

Six-four-five was the time on the clock
When me and my homie bailed in the parkin' lot
The scene looked strange, and it felt like a setup
Bet' not be, 'cause if it is, they gettin' lit up!
Oh, here they come from the back in they 'Lacs
I'm checkin' for the gats they strap, so what's up, black?
Chill, let's hear the deal
If it ain't up to what you feel, then grab your steel
Right, so, what you motherfuckers gon' come at me with?
Hope you ain't wantin' none of my grip
'Cause you can save that shit (Guess what they told me?)
"We give you 20 G's if you snitch on your homie
We'll put you in a home, and make your life plush
Oh, yeah, but you got to sell dope for us"
"Hmmm, let me think about it"
Turned my back and grabbed my gat
And guess what I told him 'fore I shot it?
If you don't quit, yeah
If you don't stop, yeah
I'm lettin' my gat pop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop!
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop33EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Things just ain't the same for gangstas
Times is changin', young niggas is agin'
Becoming OG's in the game and changin'
To make way for these new names and faces
But the strangest things can happen from rappin'
When niggas get wrapped up in image and actin'
Niggas get capped up and wrapped in plastic
Zipped up in bags—when it happens, that's it
I've seen 'em come, I've watched 'em go
Watched 'em rise, witnessed it, and watched 'em blow
Watched 'em all blossom and watched 'em grow
Watched the lawsuits when they lost the dough
Best friends and money: I lost 'em both
Went and visited niggas in the hospital
It's all the same shit all across the globe
I just sit back and watch the show (The watcher)

'Cause everywhere that I go
Ain't the same as befo' (The watcher)
People I used to know
Just don't know me no mo' (The watcher)
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know (The watcher)
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low (I'm watching)
I moved out of the hood for good—you blame me?
Niggas aim, mainly, at niggas they can't be
But niggas can't hit niggas they can't see
I'm out of sight now, I'm out of they dang reach
How would you feel if niggas wanted you killed?
You'd probably move to a new house on a new hill
And choose a new spot, if niggas wanted you shot
I ain't a thug—how much 2Pac in you you got?
I ain't no bitch, neither
It's either my life or your life and I ain't leavin', I like breathin'
'Cause nigga, we can go round for round
Clip for clip—shit, four-pound for pound
Nigga, if you really want to take it there, we can
Just remember that you fuckin' with a family man
I got a lot more to lose than you
Remember that when you wanna come and fill these shoes (The watcher)

'Cause everywhere that I go
Ain't the same as befo' (The watcher)
People I used to know
Just don't know me no mo' (The watcher)
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know (The watcher)
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low (I'm watching)
Things just ain't the same for gangstas
Cops is anxious to put niggas in handcuffs
They wanna hang us, see us dead, or enslave us
Keep us trapped in the same place we was raised in
Then, they wonder why we act so outrageous
Run around stressed out and pull out gauges
'Cause every time you let the animal out cages
It's dangerous to people who look like strangers
But now, we got a new era of gangstas
Hustlers and youngsters livin' amongst us
Lookin' at us now, callin' us busters
Can't help but reminisce back when it was us
Nigga, we started this gangsta shit!
And this the motherfuckin' thanks I get?
It's funny how time flies
I'm just having fun, just watchin' it fly by (The watcher)

'Cause everywhere that I go
Ain't the same as befo' (The watcher)
People I used to know
Just don't know me no mo' (The watcher)
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know (The watcher)
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low (I'm watching)
The watcher
I'm watching
The watcher
The watcher47EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Stone-cold killers in these Compton streets
One hand on the 9, all eyes on me
Murder, murder
Murder, murder, ha
Call 9-1-1, emergency
Hands up in the air for the world to see
It's murder, it's murder
Murder, murder (Murder)
Murda dem down, kill 'em dead (Yo!)
Bullet to the dome, to the head
Murda dem down, kill a yout'
Don fi pull up on di man and
(Turn me up!) What it look like?
See, murda dem down, kill 'em dead (Yo!)
Bullets come down from the air
Murda dem down, kill a yout'
Don fi pull up on di man and
(Turn me up!) What it look?
There's the stone cold killers in these Compton streets
One hand on the 9, all eyes on me
Murder, murder
It's murder, it's murder
Call 9-1-1, emergency
Hands up in the air for the world to see
It's murder, it's murder
Murder, murder (Murder)
It's been a 187 in this bitch!
Murder this, murder listen, hear that Suburban whippin'?
Tinted windows, right at your wifey (Brrrat!)
And I bet you miss her
Reload the Pro Tools and we throw the clip in both trays
That's one on the left and one in the right hand
Scottie Pippen, both ways
Been doin' drive-bys
Got this music industry timeline lookin' like Rosecrans
When these niggas throw up them signs high
I'm talking about that bottom, where it's high crimes
Shit, I’m just tryna get paid and keep them thighs high (Thighs high)
Sometimes, I feel like I could just bury ‘em, bury 'em
Cause delirium, mass hysteria, no scarier area
I'm very aware hip-hop needed something to carry it
So I married that bitch and swung down in that chariot
And you way too fuckin' close, beware the barrier
This is Hub City, nigga, don't make us embarrass you
Man, you should be realistic, these niggas 'round here ballistic
We did the numbers, and you looking like another statistic
There's the stone-cold killers in these Compton streets
One hand on the 9, all eyes on me
Murder, murder
It's murder, it's murder
Call 9-1-1, emergency
Hands up in the air for the world to see
It's murder, it's murder
Murder, murder (Murder)
(Ahh, shit!) Recognize what live inside these eyes
I'ma ride until the dead has risen
Live in a project building, dodging the module ceilings
I ride, I'ma ride in a stolen Jeep
Ride with the eyes of five blind men, my vision (Corrupted)
Mama tried counseling, five plans for Kendrick (But fuck it)
My family ties had sabotaged Rosecrans existence (Abducted)
My aliens on surveillance, they paid me a visit (Disgusting)
Our stadium's packed, Raiders in black
Curls dripping, silver bullet, palladium in my strap
I lie on the side of a one-way street (Blow-blow-blow-blow!)
Nowhere to go, death all I can see (Blow-blow-blow-blow!)
I say "Fuck is up?" I fuck 'em up
Your supper's up, and something's up
I hope he no can walk the tightest rope before the double-dutch
Broke plenty records with this weapon, I protect it under oath
My discretion, fuck your blessing, fuck your life, fuck your hope
Fuck your mama. fuck your daddy, fuck your dead homie
Fucked the world up when we came up, that's Compton, homie!

Murder, murder
Murder... murder
It's all murder... murder
Ahh!
Murder, murder
Murder, murder
It's been a 187 in this bitch!31EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
I don't give one fuck
Off the top I wish a nigga would try a nigga
Real shit, y'all counterfeit
Y'all niggas bad business
That's why the game all fucked up
Fuck Glocks, I'm all about Fort Knox, nigga
Ridin' through your neighborhood
Throwin' money out the window like "What!?"
You about the dollar (You know nothin' 'bout it)
Your poor life been without it
My life in the spotlight
Oh no, no, no, I ain't even got to talk about it, talk about it
Hol' up, if you really 'bout it
Tell these mothafuckas we don't even wanna talk about it—what?

I don't know everything, but one thing, one thing I do know
One thing, one thing I do know (I know, I know, I know)
Is one day, I'mma have everything—is one day, I'mma have every thing
It was all a dream, it was all a dream (I want it all!)
I just bought California
Them other states ain't far behind it either
I remember selling instrumentals off a beeper
Millionaire before the headphones or the speakers
I was getting money 'fore the internet
Still got Eminem checks I ain't opened yet
M.V.P. shit—this is where the trophies at
D-R-E, yeah, this is where the dope is at
The world ain't enough, I want it all
Goddammit, I'm too old, I forgot I got it all
But Andre young enough to still get involved
And Andre still young enough to say fuck y'all
Fuck you, fuck you, and you in the corner, too
If you wanna beef, make sure that that's somethin' you wanna do
There's some missin' people that felt that way too
I don't know everything, but one thing, one thing I do know
One thing, one thing I do know (I know, I know, I know)
Is one day, I'mma have everything—is one day, I'mma have every thing
It was all a dream, it was all a dream (I want it all!)
What the fuck was y'all thinking?
You let the wrong young nigga link with a legend
'Lotta new niggas talking crazy on the records
I'm the only king here, you can tell 'em that I said it
I'm the black Eminem, I'm the humbler 50
I'm D.O.C., who do it better? Nobody fuckin' with me
I murder rappers everyday, 'til police come and get me
And Dre just come and bail me out and then we hit the studio
Ain't no new rap in my ear, too many depressed niggas
Emotional every song, deserve-to-have-breast niggas
Crying 'bout my old girl, funny how I left niggas
Trying to get my ex boxed, Red Ring of Death niggas
I'm Kanye raising the diamond on the day of his chaining
If this was you, your diamond wouldn't be worth the appraising
I'm just talking reckless, I'm just off the record, but I mean it
Kept my blessings, we was dreaming, now we close enough to see it

I don't know everything, but one thing, one thing I do know
One thing, one thing I do know (I know, I know, I know)
Is one day I'mma have everything—is one day, I'mma have every thing
It was all a dream, it was all a dream (I want it all!)
Listen, I've been tryna get it all
I'm just in this bitch, I'mma show 'em how to get involved
Yeah, I want everything (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Yeah, I want everything (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Talk about it, hol' up, if you really 'bout it
Tell these mothafuckas, we don't even wanna talk about it, what?31EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
This one is for my brother, Tyree, R.I.P
A message to God
Since you finishing em early, what possessed you to start him?
We made a vow - later we'll regret til death do us part
Lord, I thought we was made for each other
You shouldn't connect those, made to be taken away from each other
Now what I'm supposed to do? I'm only half the man that I was
I'll never last, cause my better half is up there with you
You knew what you was doing when you made us, so with all due respect
You coulda forgave him, you didn't have to take him
He can take the game with him, cause he defines the word
The one who puts the G in it, who you think put me in it?
I'm feeling like my whole world is blinded, wondering why
Crying, pouring out my heart, pouring out liquor behind it
We fought like brothers, something we never should do
We coulda used time spent arguing telling the truth
He had talent too - I had plans on watching him blow
Don't know what hurts more, seeing him leave, or watching him go

Listen, listen, listen (Listen)
Listen, listen, listen (Better listen)
Listen, listen, listen
Listen
If you wan' know why (Why I live my life)
The way that I do (Cause I got to get this money)
So don't worry about me (Cause I know my way around)
I'm just hustlin' everyday, runnin' this race, makin' this paper

You's a soldier, you're probably packing heat up there
Met up with homies from the street, and got deep up there
If you only knew the way I felt before they ruined the crew
I thought I learned from Eazy, now I'm going through it with you
We lost a thug, a son, and a father
I spoke to your son, the other day, and told him Uncle Dre got him
The Lord must be accidentally pulling your file
Cause I'm still paging you, 911, straight in denial
Prayin' you get it, but no man can choose the card he was dealt
You either quit, or you gon' play it like you get it
I done been through all emotions, from in shock, to keeping a poker face
To straight breaking down and showing all emotions
I'm anxious to believing real G's don't cry
If that's the truth, then I'm realizing I ain't no gangsta
It's just not me, but you know I'mma always ride wit you
I miss you, sometimes I wish I just died with you
[Listen, listen, listen (Listen)
Listen, listen, listen (Better listen)
Listen, listen, listen
Listen](7469635)
If you wan' know why (Why I live my life)
The way that I do (Cause I got to get this money)
So don't worry about me (Don't worry, don't worry)
I'm just hustlin' everyday, runnin' this race, makin' this paper

Listen
If you don't know why I you gotta listen up right now
Listen, listen, listen, listen
Listen, listen
Listen, listen, children, listen
I'm tryin to tell you somethin' good
Don't get caught up in the hood, yeah
If you don't know why
You gotta find out the reason why
Brother, brother

Oh, you're Doctor Dre. Ha-ha, are you a real doctor dude? I mean like, you know, can you prescribe some drugs for me man? Come on dude, I'll split whatever I get with ya, okay? Hahahaha
Ah, the chronic29EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
*Dial tone, dialing, television in background*
Let me call this old bitch, see what this bitch doing
Call this bitch, raggedy-ass, shit, man
Hello?
What's up?
Nothing, what you doing?
Nothing, just kicking it
Are y'all done?
Nah, what you gon' do today?
Um, pick up my clothes from the cleaners, I think I'll  go get my nails done
Serious?
Why? What's up?
Ay, did, did what's-your-name done get at you yesterday?
Who?
Deez nuts!
Aw, shut up, nigga
"I wanna ask you one question
If I had some nuts, hanging on the wall, what would I have honey?"
I said, "Darlin', you'd have some walnuts"
She said, "Well, daddy, if I had some nuts on my chest, would those be chestnuts?" I said, "Hell yeah"
She said, "Well daddy if I had nuts under my chin would those be chin-nuts?"
I said, "Hell no, bitch, you'd have a dick in your mouth!"
Chicky-check, microphone check one
Chicky-check, microphone check two
Chicky-check, microphone check three
Check game from the notorious Compton G

Back with some shit that gots to bump
As you pull up in the park, you pops your trunk
Just to floss it like a motherfucker, clowning and shit
Got your Dana's on your hooptie and your fly-ass bitch
Throw off, go off, show off, I take that ho
If she proper, I'ma pop her, the ho hopper
Is back on track
With big money, big nuts and a big fat chronic sack

So Daz, step up on they ass
And give these motherfuckers a blast from the past

Diggidy Daz out of the cut with some shit that I wrote
With my nigga D-R-E, so you know I must be dope
But, uh, rat-tat-tat-tat that ass
Starting static with Dre, make way for the AK
That I bring as I slang like cavi
Not from Kris Kross but they call me Mac Daddy
Had he not known about the city I'm from
(Long Beach, tic-tac, grab your gat, watch your back)
Here I come, stomping in my khaki suit
B.G. from the hood, kinfolk Eastwood
God damn, I ripped up, flipped up, and skipped up
On top of things as they swing towards my ding-a-ling
But could you raise up off his nuts?
'Cause Dr. Drizzae's about to rizzip shit up

Chicky-check, microphone check one
Chicky-check, microphone check two
Chicky-check, microphone check three
You're tuned to the sounds of the D-R-E

Now check me out, it's back to the old school
Where the niggas get they scrap on, don't nobody cap on
Slap on some D-R-E
Or some funky-ass shit by the D-O-double-G-Y D-O-double-G
Real G's who drop ki's
Protect these N-U-T's, so nigga please
Peep out my manuscript
You'll see that it's a must I drop gangsta shit (Biatch)
So recognize game from the gangsta
Things will remain the same until I change 'em

It's real easy to see
So you can check sounds from Nate D-O-double-G
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin' street
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin' street
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin' street
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin' street
I heard you wanna fuck with Dre
You picked the wrong motherfuckin' day
Here we go, toe-to-toe, blow-for-blow
Let me know if you think you can fade Death Row
I heard you wanna fuck with Dre
You picked the wrong motherfuckin' day
Here we go, toe-to-toe, blow-for-blow
Let me know if you think you can fade Death Row
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin' street
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin' street21EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy