Pack it up, pack it in, let me begin
I came to win, battle me, that's a sin
I won't ever slack up, punk, you better back up
Try and play the role and yo, the whole crew'll act up
Get up, stand up (C'mon!) c'mon, throw your hands up
If you've got the feeling, jump up, touch the ceiling
Muggs lets the funk flow, someone's talking junk
Yo, I bust him in the eye, and then I'll take the punk's ho
Feelin', funkin', amps in the trunk and I got more rhymes
Than there's cops at a Dunkin' Donuts shop
Sho' nuff, I got props
From the kids on the Hill plus my mom and my pops
I came to get down, I came to get down
So get out your seat and jump around!

Jump around! (Jump around!)
Jump around! (Jump around!)
Jump around! (Jump around!)
Jump up, jump up and get down!
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! (Everybody jump)
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! (Everybody jump)
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!
Jump!
I'll serve your ass like John McEnroe
If your girl steps up, I'm smacking the ho
Word to your moms, I came to drop bombs
I got more rhymes than the Bible's got Psalms
And just like the Prodigal Son I've returned
Anyone stepping to me, you'll get burned
'Cause I got lyrics, but you ain't got none
If you come to battle, bring your shotgun (Shotgun)
But if you do you're a fool, 'cause I duel to the death
Trying to step to me, you'll take your last breath
I got the skills, come get your fill
'Cause when I shoot the gift, I shoot to kill
I came to get down, I came to get down
So get out your seat and jump around!

Jump around! (Jump around!)
Jump around! (Jump around!)
Jump around! (Jump around!)
Jump up, jump up and get down!
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! (Everybody jump)
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! (Everybody jump)
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!
Jump!
I'm the cream of the crop, I rise to the top
I never eat a pig 'cause a pig is a cop
Or better yet a Terminator, like Arnold Schwarzenegger
Try to play me out like as if my name was Sega
But I ain't going out like no punk bitch
Get used to one style and yo and I might switch
It up, up and around, then buck, buck you down
Put out your head and then you wake up in the Dawn of the Dead
I'm coming to get ya, I'm coming to get ya
Spitting out lyrics, homie, I'll wet ya
I came to get down, I came to get down
So get out your seat and jump around!

Jump around! (Jump around!)
Jump around! (Jump around!)
Jump around! (Jump around!)
Jump up, jump up and get down!
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! (Everybody jump)
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! (Everybody jump)
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! (Everybody jump)
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! (Everybody jump)
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!
Jump!
Yo, this is dedicated to Joe "The Biter" Nicolo
Grab the Bozack, punk38EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Flowing and flowing and just flowing 

I'm a swing it, watch me bring it to the next level
The grafted devil's getting funky like The Neville
Brothers from the Bayou, so why you wanna trip?
Just play the sidelines, kid, and wait for me to slip
Cause I can feel it "In the Air Tonight"
But yo I'm not Phil Collins, I'm more like Henry Rollins
Cause I Search and Destroy every toy with a plot
Trying to get what I got, you might get shot!
Hot damn, I'm a slam you like ONYX
Then teach you how to write a rhyme like Hooked on Phonics
Mother Goose ain't got shit on me
Cause I'll get loose at the jam and wreck the whole party
I make em jump and mosh, oh my gosh
Just slamming in the pit while I'm kicking my shit
They bugging in the aisles cause I got mad styles
And ain't a damn thing funny, I get money in piles
Some people thought I died, that's just a rumor though
Others thought I fell off, but now I'm Numero Uno
Dos, not Quatro
Word to Kool Keith, I'm a break up your teeth

When I die (die)
Bury me (me)
Hang my balls from the cherry tree (tree)
Let them get ripe (ripe) then take a bite (bite)
And if they don't taste right
Then don't blame D! (D)
You need to quit swinging the style that I'm bringing
The funk-knuckled dragon who gets on the wagon
I'm not the twelve-stepper, don't play me like a lever
"My Mic Sounds Nice" but it's not Salt-N-Pepa

Well it's the man with the plan to get all your skins
The tip on my dick's where the line begins
So hoes form a line, take off that swine
Strip your ass buck-naked, let's see if you can take it
Cause I'll make you feel "Like A Natural Woman"
Cause I Keep It Comin'
I'm the Everlasting Freestyle Assassin
With Soul and my goal is to bring a little passion
To your girl's life like the daily soaps
Throw her down on the bed and tie her up with ropes

The lyrics keep flowing and flowing and just flowing
The lyrics keep flowing and flowing and just flowing
The lyrics keep flowing and flowing and just flowing
The lyrics keep flowing and flowing and just flowing

I'm just another Ranger with a dirty face
Punk motherfuckers beef about my race
You need step back, kid and give me some space
So I can cold-shock the party when I'm rocking the place
Danny Boy's arriving, standing six five and a half
Don't laugh, kid, the grafted's surviving
The outlaw biker with my bitch hitchhiker
On the "Highway to Hell"
Cause I never tell
Well it's the funk back-breaker
We "Heat it Up" like Jamaica
Don't bring your woman to the party
Cause I'll take her
"Hit the Deck" cause I'm down with the Whooli's
I got a trunk full of funk like the Groovie Goolies
I'm not the man but I asked you "Who was he?"
Quik's got the hairdo just like Ruth Buzzi
Running 'round town like you been to jail, son
But you hit the swap meet to get your hair and your nails done
Get off my sack cause your shit is wack
You diss me and I'm a diss you back
3EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
"She won't come, just when you want it.."

Ya see I'm Irish, but I'm not a leprechaun
You wanna fight, then step up and we'll get it on
You'll get a right to the grill, I'm white and I ill
A decendant of Dublin with titanic skill
I ducked and I swing, next thing your jaw's broken
Punk I ain't jokin', you can bet you'll be chokin'
On a fist full of nuttin, meanwhile I'll be puffin'
On a fat blunt, what punk? You don't know the half
Tryin' to talk shit, man, please don't make me laugh
These Irish eyes are smilin', I'm buckwhylin'
The House of Pain is pumpin', start jumpin'
Freak it, funk it, back seat trunk it
If you can't get with it, you'll wind up sweatin' it
Then you'll get a beatin' just like an egg
It's so hard to run when you got a broken leg
But we can have a run off, the House of Pain'll come off
We got the cake that you're tryin to get a crumb off
The Irish stylee, the Celtic jazz
No one has it, just us, that's it
If you try to take it, I got a big shillelagh
I don't have dreads cause I shave my head daily
You call me a skinhead, I call you a pin head
Yo, where you been man, just like the Tin Man
You got no heart, here comes the good part
I pick 'em, buck 'em, cut 'em up, and buck 'em down
No fuckin' around, homeboy ya get clowned like Krusty
Trust me, you shouldn't play.. and by the way

Top o' the mornin to ya.. "What's the hassle man?"
Top o' the mornin to ya.. "What's the hassle man?"
Top o' the mornin to ya.. "What's the hassle man?"
Top o' the mornin to ya..
"Hey, are you givin us a hassle man?"

Greetings, salutations
Peace to the Nations of Zulu and Islam
Crack a bottle, rev the throttle
Put the gear in, now you're steerin'
Like Mario Andretti, so let me kick it
Cause I can make a wicked noise like a cricket
Rubbin' his legs, my rhymes are like eggs
Allah'll keep layin' em, I'll keep sayin' em
This is the House of Pain, we're far from plain
But we're not fancy, Ron and Nancy
So "Just Say No," but I say go
Straight to Hell, I kiss and tell
So if you're a ho, all my friends know
What you gotta say? Let's hit the hay
And have no delay, and yo, by the way..

Extra extra, read all about it
How could ya doubt it? Now scream and shout it!
The House of Pain, soon will reign
Over the Hip-Hop scene in white gold and green

I rip shit and backflip like a Jedi
I roll with the groove and I'm smooth and you can bet I
Come correct and get respect when I'm flowin'
Collectin' my dough, I got you're girlfriend hoein
And how do I know that she's sprung?
I know she's sprung cause yo, the D's hung.. like a
Shetland pony, gettin' paid like Sony
So never ever try to play me out like a phony
Cause I can get real thick like a bowl of Malt-O-Meal
And by the way..
4EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
I kicks the flavor, like Stephen King writes horror
If I was a Jew then I'd light a Menorah
I got rhymes for ya, excuse me, Señora
Are you a whore or are you a lady?
Is it Erica Boyer or Marcia Brady?
Let me know hon, the deed'll get done
Just assume the position, I'll take my rod
And then I'll go fishing, I'll get your river flowing
I'm always in the knowing
When it comes to giving pleasure, I'm every woman's treasure
I came to work your body, so let me do my job
I've never been laid off, my rhyming skill paid off
Cause now I'm making records, now I'm making tapes
Steady busting suckers in bunches like grapes
Making all the papes, scooping up the loot
Putting suckers on the run, pull my gun and then I shoot
I never been a front, I never been a fraud
I got a natural skill, for that I thank the Lord
Cause I feel blessed, I'm casually dressed
I always got my gun but I never wear a vest
I'm quick on the draw like the horse named McGraw
From the cartoon boom shalock lock boom

(boom shalock lock boom) - alright now
(Boom shalock lock boom) - a little louder
(Boom shalock lock boom) - everybody
(Boom shalock lock boom) - alright now
Breaker, breaker, here comes the caper
Straight with the taper, the lyric skyscraper
Hit you like a lyrical murderer
I know ya think I have, but yo
I never heard of ya
Just because you heard of me kid
Fuck around with D, you do the lifetime bid
I'll put you in the dirt, and leave your ass for dead
When it comes to tools, D's the sharpest in the shed
Cause I'm the '55 Cadillac king
It ain't no thing, my Claddagh ring
Will bust you in the grill
I got the skill, you gots to chill
Cause I bring doom
I got the boom shalock lock boom


I rock mad styles, I hop turnstiles
I rock all mics, I last all night
I puff fat blunts, I rock fine stunts
Step up bo, I'll knock out your gold fronts
Everlast, that's my name
My unique rhyme style's my claim to fame
The House Of Pain's the name of my clique
You can't get down, punk? Get off my dick
You make me sick, like Strawberry Quik
Your style is wack, you ain't the mack
So yo step back, get off the crack
And sing a new tune like boom shalock lock boom
2EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Straight out the casket, rising up
Open up your eyes, can't you see me?
What the fuck is this? Madness, pick up my bones
Erase my name from off the tombstones
Alive and kicking, breathing the air
Call out my name, punk, and I'll be there
No question, my suggestions of the action
Caught smack dab in the middle of the blasting
Messing with me, you're messing with the best
Blaow, you're taking two shots to your chest

Cause I'm back from the dead
Everlast coming back from the dead
(Back from the dead!)
You know I'm back from the dead
And I'll put a freaking hole in your head!
Back from the dead
Back from the dead

You can't disrespect it, I'm the resurrected
Back from the dead just to mess with your head
I'll stress what I said, but I won't repeat it
If you've got a cold starve it, if you've got a fever feed it
And if you can't beat it, then what a blow
You might be positive and not even know
I rock the hardcore from the floor to the ceiling
I give sexual healing, I'll get your girl squealing like a pig
My grave's something you can never dig
I'll rock a mausoleum, backyard or colosseum
Cause I'm back from the dead
Everlast coming back from the dead
(Back from the dead!)
You know I'm back from the dead
House of Pain's in effect, nuff said!

Skip the autopsy cause I never OD'd
I only puff boom kid, I never get ski'd
I don't sniff or shoot up, riff I'll stick my boot up
Your ass quick-fast, Everlast don't jive
Just like Pearl Jam, I'm still Alive
(Look at all these rumors)
Spreading like tumors, gossip and lies
Exaggerated reports of my demise
And if you believed 'em, well then you got gassed
The media deceived 'em just like in the past

Cause I'm, back from the dead
Everlast's comin back from the dead
(Back from the dead!)
You know I'm back from the dead
And I'll put a freaking hole in your head
Back from the dead
Back from the dead
Like Steven Seagal I'm Hard to Kill
Like GG Allin I'm crazy ill
I'll beat you down with my mic, kick your ass with my Nike
Bust you in the eye if you tell another lie
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust
Thinkin I'm dead you must be smoking dust
Come see me bust in the flesh it's a must

Cause I'm back from the dead
Everlast coming back from the dead
(Back from the dead!)
You know I'm back from the dead
House of Pain's in effect, nuff said
Back from the dead..
{*repeat to fade*}2EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yeah, the House of Pain...

I'm sick, demented
I came and represented
I rose from the grave
I had a close shave
The cops tried to lock me down
'Cause the Glock they found was stolen
That's how I'm rollin'
Calvin Klein's no friend of mine
So I don't like Marky
Or the monarchy
Don't 'Start Me Up' like a Rolling Stone
I'll leave ya sulkin' like Macaulay Culkin in 'Home Alone'
So Get a Grip like Steven Tyler
I used to trip with the Divine Styler
Back in the days there were Irish ways
And Irish laws, stand up for The Cause

When it's time to rock a funky joint
I'm on point
When it's time to rock a funky jam
I'm the man (4x)
Well it's the D to the A, double N-Y-B-O
Y? 'Cause I rock shit like Ronnie Dio
It's a black day of rest, quick run, get your vest
I'm down with the Hill 'cause I still got the skill
To turn the party out, it's all about the skyscraper
Your girl caught the vapors so I might videotape her
I make a lot of papers so I don't have to scrape the
Bottom of the barrel, I rock fly apparel
Now I could pull your card
Starting up the Harley Davidson
I got the gun, so the drama, you could save it!

Well it's the mad bum Russian
Funky with percussion
From L.A. to Flushing
I get your girlie blushin'
I'll cut ya like the butcher
(But it ain't Joe the Biter!)
The old rock a loop cause I'm Super like Schneider!

When it's time to rock a funky joint
I'm on point
When it's time to rock a funky jam
I'm the man (4x)
I'm ill, retarded
So don't get me started
I might lose my cool
You'll lose if we duel
'Cause I can stomp a hole in the soul of a punk
With the rhymes in my head and the beats in my trunk
I got skill kid and I'm gonna milk it
For all it's worth, I'm gettin' mines on Earth
So step to the next head
Or like Sadat X said
'He's gone and that's how it's supposed to be'
Don't stand so close to me 'cause

When it's time to rock a funky joint
I'm on point
When it's time to rock a funky jam
I'm the man (4x)1EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Victimized
But you're in bed
Stumble out
And run dead
If it ever paid
To self start
Environment
Make you smart

Just another victim
Just another victim
Just another victim, kid
I heard it once
But not before
Begging off
And livin' bored
My hands are tied
Webbed feet again
Fell in behind
And claim us dead

Cast this
In spite of truth
Give it up
I'll lie to you
Blame and flame this
Turn to start
Pointed finger
You fall apart

You played yourself now you point the finger
How i've robbed and raped ya, bruised and scraped ya
But those are just lies, cause in your eyes you've been victimized
It's how you size it up, you disguise it up, and try to make it look
Real
To cover up the low self esteem you feel
Introspection an afterthought, swimmin in guilt your favorite sport
But now you're caught up in the undertow
You never knew a man could sink so low
But now you know, cause you're John Doe
In a black bag a tag on your toe
I built the House
I felt the Pain
You're victimized but got no one to blame
Just another victim
You're just another victim, kid
Just another victim
You're just another victim kid
Holy diver, I'm a survivor
Feeling like DeNiro in Taxi Driver
With Jodi Foster, and Harvy Kietel
Looks like I'm walkin through a livin Hell
So spark that L, and I'll get lifted
Feelin the effects of what my spliff did
Cause I'm gifted, I read Sun Tzu
I bought a Gun too so you'll never come too
The weight of the world ridin on my shoulders
Cause I'm a soldier, I thought I told ya
1EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
* corrections for Cockni O'Dire would be appreciated

Those dirty stinkin boys! (hmm.)
They are talk slick, hot like pepper
But what, dem about batty bwoy movement
Man I ain't on dat! (Lord have mercy)
Tell Julius, if he's a man a man ?? ?? (Lord, have mercy)
Can't know send me big up to the two of dem, de dreads
Now look!

I've got demons, runnin through my sleep (UH)
They like to creep when my thoughts get deep
Schemin, tryin to find a place to fit in
And manifest itself in the form of a sin
If I was Rin Tin Tin I'd rip the skin off of Lassie
The shit you talk is idle, threatenin to blast me
You high on gas like a rastaman farted
Don't set it off kid and get me started
Cause you're highly regarded when you're dearly departed
But momma's still cryin, asking God why in the world
Could you take her, only child
When you was frontin on the streets like you was buckwild
To keep it real kid you gots to stay humble
You can't fumble, and if you gots to rumble
Then word to Bryant Gumble I'mma live for today
And God bless the man that steps in my way
Cause if I said it, somebody's gettin wetted
So just keep your cool and everything is copacetic
Pull out your heater, kid spit your razor
And mine'll still be the intellect that plays ya
Cause when the mic check, I'm high-tech, skills are apparent
You can play the child kid, I'll play the parent
Cause I'mma be responsible for your schoolin
But I won't change your diapers, or do your carpoolin
A-get up, I'll break ya down a lil' somethin
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin
Dead up, too many crews be frontin
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin
Get up, I'll break ya down a lil' somethin
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin
Dead up, too many crews be frontin
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin

Oh yes (Lord) unlike E (have mercy)
Tell de dirty pussy dem fi clean up dey ac' (oh my soul)
And trace back (whoa) cause we no hear nah dat (whoa)
Now look!

Now why everybody makin shit that's unreal
Cause the A&R man they wants mass appeal
Forgettin all about how it's 'sposed to feel
Kids be goin out for the record deal
So if you pull out the clap, then bust your cap
Or I'mma make like the ban and drop bomb on your Gap
But don't +Snap+, cause this ain't HBO
Kid you got no Benz, plus you got no dough
Why you say that though? You tryin to game that ho
Used to be you had to rhyme about stuff you know
I don't need MTV to make no buzz
I rock styles that'll make you say "Ah 'oo dat was?"
And who that was is the man of all hours
Sendin all-star players straight back to the showers
Fake hard rocks are really just cowards
I master dub plates like my name's Herb Powers
I'll getcha open like huntin season
I make papers, don't front on the reason
Cause I'm seizin up every day
You say, carpe diem, I call 'em like I see 'em

To all dem man (?) come in the place going on like they run ting they run raasclart ting
Cos we run that, god knows we run that
Everyone can see we run this ting
Cha, nobody be vex me boy
Me said nobody TEST me boy
Me said nobody stress me boy
Anyone whowanna !!
(Lord, have some mercy
On my soul.. whoa!
Say Lord, please have some mercy
On my soul.. whoa!)
 + (Cockni O'Dire)
A-get up, I'll break ya down a lil' somethin (I get violent!)
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin (and start whylin)
Dead up, too many crews be frontin (So keep silent)
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin (I'm not jokin!)
Get up, I'll break ya down a lil' somethin (It's not what I'm smokin)
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin (Don'tcha make me choke dem)
Dead up, too many crews be frontin (You'll get yo' egg broken)
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin

Well me done huntin
Comin like a ball me play me not buntin
Knockin you outta park when me lookin
Yes Cock-ni, outta Brooklyn
Low-Lifes area, foward to Queens
Cumbria Heights, oh no, know what it means
And it ends, me nah need no Benz
All me needs me bredren, FUCK me friends!
Anyone a dem a want to borrow and lend my dough
Move ya pussy and blow!
EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
High on a hilltop near your home, there stands a dilapidated old mansion
Some say the place is haunted, but you don't believe in such myths
One dark and stormy night, a light appears in the top most window in the tower of the old house
You decide to investigate and you never return

Well, it's the kid who brought the pride of the Irish back
I'm spreadin' phat rhymes like if I was black
You caught a beatin' cause you played the punk role
Mom and Pop watch ya gonna shift from the soul
So I'm gonna take you out
Just like a first date
Watch me violate
Watch me demonstrate
The mad battle skills
To get the bills paid
I'm true to the trade
My blues are worth the pay
But I grab the guitar
Started up pickin' and strummin'
Then I started whistlin' and hummin'
Next came the bass line followed by the drum kick
My name's Everlast honey cause I don't come quick
I last longer than the Coppertop battery
You lack skills kid please drop the flattery
Get off my dilsnick, I spit the bills quick
Rollin' like pecker, you wanna play that though
So don't fuck around and bring your ho
I'll hit that bitch like I was Ridick Bowe
I got my sheleighy, I got my gun
I'm putting heads out daily and I never run
CHORUS (X4)
Everlast is comin', the funk drummers drummin'
Danny Boy's comin' with the Irish style

You better run, hide, Slip'n Slide
But don't fuck around with that Irish pride
The last one died talkin' all that crap
Yo, he couldn't adapt
I pulled him straight off the map
That's how I'm doin' it because y'all be knewin' it
The only needle my arm was tattooin' it
I roll to the show on my iron horse
Take a hoe and let nature take its cause
So fuck The Source cause I don't read it
It's a fashion mag and hip-hop don't need it
And if you're believin' everything you read
Then that bullshit rags fuckin' with your head
CHORUS (X4)

Just like Pearl Jam you know my flows even
I'm scary like King but yo, my name ain't Stephen
Broaden the appeal, I rock fly apparel
I got a bow and arrow, I'll take your bone marrow
Make a knife handle, skin you like tatanka
Then run you down like my name was Larry Csonka
Who used to be a Dolphin down in Miami
Play me too close and I'm pullin' out my jammy
You know I get funky like the Groovy Ghoulies
Why you steppin' to me, tryin' to make some movies
Pass me my scissors, I'm gonna cut the edit
Borrow off my style kid, but you got no credit
I said it, I meant it, I meant what I said
Steppin' up talkin' shit and I'll bite off that head
I got no dreads but I puff boom
Because it lights up my life like Debbie Boone1EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Runnin' up on ya
The House of Pain...runnin' up on ya
The House of Pain...The House of Pain
Give me some elbow room
Spark the boom
And pass it
I'll drop ya like acid
Ya might get blasted
If ya step to the crew with the Irish Pride
Ya wish ya died
'Cause I don't let shit slide
Sinn Féin
It's the House of Pain
Our day will come
Boom shalock lock
My shit's cocked
Ya better run
Get a gun
Get a bomb
It's on like Vietnam
Then run and get ya mom
And ask why Danny's buggin'
Chuggin' Black & Tan's
Smacking Fan
I'm breakin' up the set
I'm gettin' bitches wet
Gettin' all the dough
I'm leavin' with ya ho
And if the ho's your wife
Yo, ya might lose your life
'Cause I'm runnin' up on ya
I ain't gonna' warn ya when
I'm runnin' up on ya
I ain't gonna' warn ya
I'm runnin' up on ya
I ain't gonna warn ya when
I'm runnin' up on ya
I ain't gonna' warn ya
I'll rip out ya veins
With hooks and chains
Just like Pinhead
I used to rock a skinhead
Now I got a fade
'Cause I'm paid
And the bald is played
Everybody's done it
So Ev can never run it
I started that shit two years ago
Your girl started lookin' good five beers ago
So I might step to her
But I just wanna screw her
I don't want to take her
I just wanna make her
Scream out my name
Cause the Pain's in the House
Bust a nut in her gut
And leave a stain in her blouse
Then pull up my drawers
And she's all yours again
And if ya got a beef punk
Better bring a friend
'Cause I'm runnin' up on ya
I ain't gonna' warn ya when
Yo, I'm runnin' up on ya
I ain't gonna' warn ya
'Cause I'm runnin' up on ya
I ain't gonna warn ya when
I'm runnin' up on ya
I ain't gonna' warn ya
I'm comin' 'round the corner
I ain't gonna' warn ya
I'm runnin' up on ya
Punk you're a goner
Put the gun away
Run away
Better chill
Better yet still
Let me get ill
I can drop a bomb
Full of semen in ya mom
And keep her screamin' till dawn
Cause the E can rock on like a
One, two, and ya don't stop
Ya might get dropped
'Cause I don't care
And I swear
I don't have a gun
I ain't gonna warn ya when
'Cause I'm runnin' up on ya
I ain't gonna' warn ya when
I'm runnin' up on ya
I ain't gonna' warn ya
I'm runnin' up on ya
I ain't gonna warn ya
Runnin' up on yaEmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
(Everlast:
Yeah
Haha
You know what time it is
House Of Pain
Killa Rhyme Klik
Up in this piece
Scheme Team
Ill Kid
Gifted Unlimited
Everlast
What's up
Haha
You know that's your cue baby
What time is it?
Haha )

I say brothers are amused by other brothers reps
But they're all playing roles just like Omar Epps
I see so many players I wonder where the coach is
My names Everlast I'm hard to kill like roaches
The dough that you're making has got you fronting and faking
Your hearts been shook your brains cooked like bacon
Can't believe you're not butter you thought you was on it
Out trying to flaunt it but its just Blue Bonnet
And now it's my turn kid watch me churn
There's only so many spots they're had to earn
Pack it up pack it in
So let me begin
Dont make me have to smack your dumb ass into a head spin
You're left in suspense from the aura of my presence
Trying to get props under false pretence
You wanna say something but you're not sure
If I'm a dis ya cause you're not pure
Like the cheap version that gets cut with baking soda
If you had game you still couldn't get over
I know your crews gotta be crazy weak
Cause I can judge them by the company they keep
Way deep is how I get into this rap thing
While you're napping I got your chicks titties flapping
She's asking for me to hit her off lovely
I'mma slay all you punks like as if I was Bugsy

When you sell out to appeal to the masses
You have to go back and enrol in some classes
All you curve pieces start shaking your asses
All you blunt holders take two pulls and pass it
Back in 89 I dropped too much acid
Rock from Lake Habasoo out to Lake Placid
While you busy ragging on the people you blasted
I'm asking how many days have you fasted
Get up Ill break ya down a little something
I'm fed up its time to go headhunting
Dead up too many crews be fronting
I'm fed up its time to go head hunting

Hey what's that sound don't turn around
To your back I got the grey ground
Hard for you chumps that act odd
The ones faking jacks packing guns acting hard
But let's suppose you really had a burner
You would still need some lessons on how to hold it firmer
Fuck a murder I'm a just kill your ego
Cause we know that you ain't really got no people
Murdering a prop my man this my homey that
You need to get the fuck out my face cause you don't know me jack

Eeny meany miny moe
I put seeds in your mental and I watch em grow
Turn on the instrument and then clock my flow
Put the dough in my pocket and I rock the show
Cause I know and you this is how we go
As-salamu alaykum to the Muslim
Shalom to the Hebrew
Geed lust envy sloth gluttony pride and wrath do the math
These seven deadly sins represent my jinn
You scheming on testing me kid where you been
I been told all my life I'm my only friend
There's a killer on the road money its the end
And you might think that I'm a dummy
But while you're out at the spot I'm home chilling with your honey
I kicks flavour
Like Stephen King I write the horror
If you wanna see tomorrow when I lead you're best to follow
Or you'll be left along the road in the dust
And me and you won't have too much to discuss
Trust me I be the gifted unlimited
Too many of these rappers blowing up because of gimmicks kid
You ain't did the bid you ain't never pulled the trigger
You battle me I make you stagger more than liquor
I get raw I'm quickdraw the outlaw I dealt y'all
Ready to fuck with me so boy you better stop
Cause I'm a beat your ass like your pops
Get the real estate money and then the props
 + (Cockni O'Dire)
A-get up, I'll break ya down a lil' somethin (I get violent!)
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin (and start whylin)
Dead up, too many crews be frontin (So keep silent)
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin (I'm not jokin!)
Get up, I'll break ya down a lil' somethin (It's not what I'm smokin)
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin (Don'tcha make me choke dem)
Dead up, too many crews be frontin (You'll get yo' egg broken)
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin ('Cos you provokin')
(I'mma singsay!)
Cockni O Dire:
If any manna fake moves fuh dey ma of this ditch
Dem bwoy get anyone rich
Fuh dey men'a fake jock you be fuckin dem claarts
Pick up a buckle and you be fuckin dem claarts
Anyone claart, you be fuckin dem claarts...EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Who's the man with the master plan?
Who's the man? Who's the man?
Who's the man with the master plan?
Who's the man? Who's the man?

I used to kick it with the thugs, pushin' drugs in the park
Vic'n every mark that was out after dark
Stick 'em for their loot, cut 'em up then I'd dash
And when I had to shoot, I'd nutted up for the cash
Ran down the block with my .45 Glock
Capped off a round, everybody hit the ground
The next thing I heard was a siren
Couldn't turn around, money grip kept firin'
Runnin' for the ride, I can't go inside
I'd rather that I died, I got too much pride
I guess it's just somethin' that you can't understand
My gun's in my hand, tell me who's the man?

Who's the man with the master plan?
Who's the man? Who's the man?
Who's the man with the master plan?
Who's the man? Who's the man?
Who's the man with the master plan?
Who's the man? Who's the man?
Who's the man with the master plan?
Who's the man? Who's the man?
I used to sell yayo back in the day-o
Ran with the gang, had all my homies slang
Grams to the quarters, I'm takin' all the orders
Makin' all the runs, rakin' in the funds
I always got my gun, it's that old six-shooter
I'm the king of the neighborhood, crazy white peckerwood
People thinkin' Danny lost his mind
It must've been from all the wine, man, and all the hard times
Like chillin' in the park in the dark with the crew
I'm always gettin' high, I saw my man die
Now I got the work and the dough
25 grand and the five keys of blow
I gotta' relocate and start all over
But watch it blow up like a supernova
I keep my game air-tight and follow my plan
My gun's in my hand, tell me who's the man?

Who's the man with the master plan?
Who's the man? Who's the man?
Who's the man with the master plan?
Who's the man? Who's the man?
Who's the man with the master plan?
Who's the man? Who's the man?
Who's the man with the master plan?
Who's the man? Who's the man?
I got myself locked down in the pen
I ain't got a friend, so here I go again
I gotta get my props up and earn my respect
Gotta shake someone up or throw 'em off the top deck
My time's runnin' out, I gotta spill some blood
If I don't do it quick, shit, my name'll be mud
So I pick out a hard rock and rush him in his cell
Beat his ass down and then say that he fell
And if I gotta do him, screw him, the convict's dead
I'll stab him in the chest just to let the rest
Of the cell block know that I'm nobody's ho
My shank's in my hand, so tell me who's the man?

Who's the man with the master plan?
Who's the man? Who's the man?
Who's the man with the master plan?
Who's the man? Who's the man?
Who's the man with the master plan?
Who's the man? Who's the man?
Who's the man with the master plan?
Who's the man? Who's the man?3EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***

***
"Guess who's back"

I got the skills to pay the bills
I don't pop pills
But I send chills up your spine when I rhyme
I get wicked, you got a booger, pick it
Sippin' on the forty, ya know it makes me horny
Spread them legs, grab my eggs
Fire up the grill and crack the kegs
Nobody fear, the party's here
Everlast is comin', the funky drummer's drummin'
Ya only came backstage to make the front page
To get me locked up, or get yourself knocked up
But I ain't with it, even if I did it
I got a hundred homeboys to say I didn't hit it
My name's Everlast, I got the funky rhymes
I make more papers than the L.A. Times
I don't do lines, but I puff blunts
I don't rock fronts, but I stuff stunts
Fill 'em to the brim like a cup of coffee
If ya don't know me, homey, back up off me
Cause I ain't soft, see, I'll fly your head
You wind up dead, you made your bed
Now ya gotta lie in it, don't bother tryin' it
Take my advice, homeboy, think twice
Before you step up, step back
Or catch a smack
Guess who's back
(Ease back) Guess who's back (Everybody's in the street) (4x)
(Ease back) (Everybody's in the street) (3x)
(Ease back) (2x)

He's back from the dead, with the shaved head
Don't start to trip, dip, I brought my lead
Just in case you wanna fuck around
I'll stare ya dead in the face, and then I'll buck ya down
I'll put ya six feet deep, some say talk's cheap
But I make big bucks servin' up punk ducks
By the pound, I got the sound
I never been checked, I only get wrecked
I kick the willy drag, let my pants sag
Don't give up the booty, cause I ain't no fag
Check it out, check it, I'm prone to wreck shit
If ya dig this joint, check the next shit
I'm Everlast and it's a natural fact
That the white man is back

(Ease back) Guess who's back (Everybody's in the street) (4x)
(Ease back) (Everybody's in the street) (3x)
(Ease back) (2x)
I'll eat you up like some butter cups from Reese's
I come in peace, but you'll leave in pieces
That's how I'm livin', that's how it goes
Everyday I'm sleepin', every night I'm doin' shows
Always gettin' hoes when there's hoes to get got
Always wear my hat so I never need a shot
Always drink a beer before I write a rhyme
And if I have to drive I avoid the one time
Stay between the lines and I won't get pulled over
I don't need luck cause I got a four-leaf clover
Yea I'm Irish, word to the motherland
But on the otherhand
I love America, apple pie, mom and all that
My pockets stay phat, step the fuck back
Play me close and you catch a mean dose
Of my fist, homeboy you get dissed

(Ease back) Guess who's back (Everybody's in the street) (4x)
(Ease back) (Everybody's in the street) (3x)
(Ease back) (2x)EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Pack it up, pack it in
Let me begin
I came to win
Battle me, that's a sin
I won't ever slack up
Punk you better back up
Try and play the role and yo the whole crew will act up
Get up, stand up 
Come on, throw your hands up
If you've got the feeling
Jump up touch the ceiling
Muggs lifts a funk flow
Someone's talking junk, yo
I'll bust him in the eye
And then I'll take the punk's hoe
Feelin', funkin'
Amps in the trunk, and
I got more rhymes than there's cops at a Dunkin' Donuts shop
Sho' 'nuff I got props from the kids on the hill
Plus my mom and my pops
I came to get down
I came to get down
So get out your seat and jump around
Jump around, jump around, jump around
Jump up, jump up and get down
Jump, jump, jump (everybody jump)
Jump, jump, jump, jump
Jump, jump, jump (everybody jump)
Jump, jump, jump, jump
I'll serve your ass like John MacEnroe
If your girl steps up, I'm smacking the hoe
Word to your moms
I came to drop bombs
I got more rhymes than the Bible's got Psalms
And just like the Prodigal Son, I've returned
Anyone stepping on me - you'll get burned
Cause I got lyrics but you ain't got none
If you come to battle bring a shotgun 
But if you do you're a fool, cause I duel to the death
Tryin' to step to me - you'll take your last breath
I got the skill, come get your fill
'Cause when I shoot to give, I shoot to kill
I came to get down
I came to get down
So get out your seat and jump around
Jump around, jump around, jump around
Jump up, jump up and get down
Jump, jump, jump (everybody jump)
Jump, jump, jump, jump
Jump, jump, jump (everybody jump)
Jump, jump, jump, jump
I'm the cream of the crop, I rise to the top
I never eat a pig cause a pig is a cop
Or better yet a Terminator
Like Arnold Schwarzenegger
Tryin' to play me out as if my name was Sega
But I ain't going out like no punk bitch
Get used to one style and you know I might switch
It up up and around, then buck buck get down
Put out your head then you wake up in the Dawn Of The Dead
I'm coming to get ya, I'm coming to get ya
Spitting out lyrics, homie I'll wet ya
I came to get down
I came to get down
So get out your seat and jump around
Jump around, jump around, jump around
Jump up jump up and get down
Jump, jump, jump (everybody jump)
Jump, jump, jump, jump
Jump, jump, jump (everybody jump)
Jump, jump, jump, jump
Jump, jump, jump (everybody jump)
Jump, jump, jump, jump
Jump, jump, jump (everybody jump)
Jump, jump, jump, jump
Yo, this is dedicated
To Joe "De Berg" Dakota
Grab your bozak, punkEmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
I walk through the Valley of Death 600 deep
Waking up dead from the sleep
Just like a diamond watch me shine
Bright like the sun, make you wanna pull a gun
And buck two shots for the Peckerwood rocking
Put down your Glock for your block
I'll be knocking dead off your shoulders, heads'll roll
The Peckerwood P-funk assassin of soul
Is in control, so have no fear
I'm in this for real, make it crystal clear
I get a little better each and every year
It's called improvement, your style’s bowel movement
I'm taking you back to Malcolm McLaren
My whole family stole but there ain't one Sharon
So whatcha looking at, huh, why you staring?
Just take a picture before I have to hit ya
Ease back kid, give me some space or
"Whoomp (There It Is!)" upside your face!

Cause a hero ain't nothing but a sandwich
And a legend ain't nothing but a car
So shoot dope in your veins and get some fame
And maybe one day you'll be a star
You know a hero ain't nothing but a sandwich
And a legend ain't nothing but a car
So go blow out your brains to get some fame
And maybe one day you'll be a star
I live in a house and it's full of pain
But still I refrain from going insane
I stay "On Point" like a sniper
Chilling at the Viper Room before it became a tomb
Take the low road and you hit rock bottom and keep low riding
All the way to Sodom and back to Gomorrah
Now your senora is a pillar of salt and it's all your fault
Get your S&M downtown at The Vault
Dirty little fuck-up raising hell
But next year we'll all talk about how you fell
Cause you're judged on how your records sell

A hero ain't nothing but a sandwich
And a legend ain't nothing but a car
So get locked up in chains to get some fame
And maybe one day you'll be a star
A hero ain't nothing but a sandwich
And a legend ain't nothing but a car
So go blow out your brains to get some fame
And maybe one day you'll be a star
Maybe one day you'll be a star
Maybe one day you'll be a star

Let's break it down to the bare root essence
Count your fingers, then count your blessings
True confessions, ask the questions
Substitute your answers with your obsessions
I take it to the break of dawn at times
I do it all the time
But yo, it don't come easy
Cause I turn on the TV
And see more and more pain and less and less glory
And it's the same old story
You see year after year, the programs fear
But I ain't subscribing till there's live executions
On pay-per-view
Word to Donahue put on Melrose Place
"Whoomp (There It Is!)" upside your face!
A hero ain't nothing but a sandwich
And a legend ain't nothing but a car
So shoot dope in your veins to get that fame
Then maybe one day you'll be a star
A hero ain't nothing but a sandwich
And a legend ain't nothing but a car
So go blow out your brains like Kurt Cobain
And maybe one day you'll be a star
Maybe one day you'll be a star
Maybe one day you'll be a star1EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
I rip shit like a bow when I flow
And I score points with the joints that I throw
Cause I flow daily, I'm no punk, see
I break backs, make tracks and get funky
There's no one to run to cause nobody cares
MC's drop to your knees, say your prayers
The luck of the Irish is about to kick in
Prepare to die and notify your next of kin
I'm going all out, buck, duck and call out
That's how I'm living, punk you better stall out
This is the House of Pain
To come inside is insane

I'll put your head out (4x)
Jump up spread out
I'll put your head out
I'll put your head out
Put put your head out
Jump up spread out
I'll put your head out
Hey what up punk?
I'll put your head out

Who steps to booz?
When the hoods wanna take a cruise
They're feeling effects of the booze
Ain't no clues, to hell with them fools
Who got smoked even though they strap tools
They got brews but I got the boomer
Trigger to blast you and skip the bull
Take my life shit, I'll take you to school
In a duel, what's the difference if you think you're dropping jewels?
Carbon copy, think you're so cool
Stop dreaming and hallucinating
You're caught up in a piece I'm painting
Click click, punk, now you're thinking "Oh shit!"
Quit while you're ahead before I fill you full of lead

Blessed with the gift, and gets with the rhyme
I never say quit when I'm out to get mine
It's live and let die, sit back and get high
Smoking a fat blunt, waiting for some punk
To act up like he's got something in him
Then I grab the mic and start spitting out venom
Carving up headstones, blowing out headphones
Stepping to me, you'll wind up in the Dead Zone
It's nothing personal, that's how it goes, G
Step up with beef and you'll wind up losing teeth
Cause I don't give up the mic that easy
Step back, this ain't government cheese, G
You can stand in line, but you ain't getting it
Talk all the shit you want, but I ain't sweating it
EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Uh shoot 'em all baby
Just call it in one time for me, real heavy!

Back In Black
Who's The Mack?
Sittin' on the back
Of a Cadillac

Well it's the D, motherfucker
Better pass me the mic
So I can rock on
And drop the styles I write
I like hip-hop
Ya don't stop
And all that
I rock the freak styles
And neat styles
That are crazy phat
It's making me sick
Punk get off my dick!

Cause I'm the same motherfucker
That I ever was
(Same motherfucker!)
But I can't pay attention
Cause I'm on that dust
My head's not swell
Kid I'm not sell
Don't feed me soup
Just give me the funky loop
I'll rock it to the best of my ability
Running mad styles and showing flexibility
Cause I'm the man that's On Point
When I jam a funky joint
I'm on some other Over There
Yo, I just don't care shit
Pass the mic
Then I'm gonna tear shit
Up like a piece of paper
Your girl caught the vapor
When I ran the caper
I ain't rearranged, so don't look strange
I'm the same motherfucker
Ain't a damn thing changed

Cause I'm the same motherfucker
That I ever was
(Same motherfucker!)
But I can't pay attention
Cause I'm on that dust
Cause I'm hard like stone
Don't play me soft
And I rock rhymes frequently
I drop it often
I'm off in space
I remember your face
But don't remember your name
Cause it's all the same
As it ever was
That's what it is, money grip
Don't trip or I'm a bust that lip

Cause I'm the same motherfucker
That I ever was
(Same motherfucker!)
But I can't pay attention
Cause I'm on that dust

Bust it, flip it, skip it
Just like a stone on a river
Ya know I'm gonna' give her
Whole lotta' flavor
Criminal behavior
Used to be how I made it
But that shit's over rated
Now I rock rhymes over funky beats
I fuck fine hookers between satin sheets
They say money changes people
But I won't cause
I'm the same motherfucker that I ever was!
Cause I'm the same motherfucker
That I ever was
(Same motherfucker!)
But I can't pay attention
Cause I'm on that dust

And ya don't quit
Cause I'm on that dust
Soul Assassins are on that dust
My man J. Disco is on that dust
Cypress Hill is on that dust
Funkdoobiest is on that dust2EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yeah, check it out now!

Everybody check it out now!

Yo, I got the corn beef

I got the Mott's

I got the shotty

Ayo, I got the buck shot

Ayo, I got the burgers

I got the grill

If you're steppin' up next
You better flex that skill

The House of Pain is in full effect
Everybody in the place give full respect
If your girl's in the house keep the ho in check
And if I'm bustin' off caps, you better hit the deck
Steppin' on stage with the fly routines
I'm hemmin' up suckers like bell bottom jeans
I always switch trains in Jamaica, Queens
When I go to Valley Stream to see my Aunt Eileen

Danny Boy's comin' with the Irish style
The money back guarantee, I make it worth your while
I'm layin' out fools like kitchen tile
You come around with a frown, and ya leave in a pile

Step back man, I ain't a black man
But every time I grab the mic, I rock a phat jam
Without the Slimfast, and if a skim pass
You know I step up and give the ho a jim blast
I give her what she wants, even if she fronts
The Hill is down with the House, they got the philly blunts
Ya know we roll 'em up, and then we light 'em up
And then we puff them up and pass them
So Danny Boy blasts 'em
I got the shell-toe Adidas, with the fat strings
The Celtic crosses and the Claddagh rings
The straight edge razor and the Mossberg pump
You heard me shit-clickin', now it's time to jump

Jump around just like a frog on a log
Fuck the Dukes because I like Boss Hogg
I'm hittin' home runs like my man Wade Boggs
And if you try to act stupid, I'm droppin' the dogs

Every time I go to town
People start kickin' my dog around
It makes no difference if my dog's a hound (hound)
You better stop kickin' my dog around

Put on your shit kickers and kick some shit (4x)

Now I've droppin' records since the age of seventeen
First I came solo, but I now I got a team
It's the four man crew, with the Irish stew
You catch us puffin' on a blunt, and sippin' a brew
What's up with that brew, man, hurry up and finish
Now grab the bar maid and order me another Guinness

You can drink the Guinness while I'm sippin' on the Mickey's
When it comes to hookers, yo, the Everlast is picky
Always got my hat in case I come across a quicky
And when I do my shows, I get the hoes all hot and sticky

The House Of Pain is in full effect, yea
I say the House Of Pain is in full effect
You know the House Of Pain is in full effect, yea
And anyone who steps up is gettin' wrecked


Check it out now! Owww!
I said the House Of Pain!
We out!1EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
(Gets all my love) (4x)
Pick up the pace, keep it, freak it
Can ya keep a secret, so can I
Why ask why, try Bud dry, I get fly smokin' a thai
Puffin' a blunt, tokin' a spliff
Stoppin' any crew that tries to rip
The House Of Pain, Cypress Hill
Funkdoobiest, my girl's on the pill
So I can drill, and not have to kill
An unborn child cause that's just wild
I felt the pain, I built the house
All respect due to Mickey Mouse
Club, I'm rhymin' on the dub
Switch off the track so I can shout out my love
Yea, you know my mother, she gets all my love
My sister Casandra, my niece Jessica Rose, they get all my love
Danny Boy gets all my love
My DJ Lethal, he gets all my love
Cypress Hill, they get all my love
Son Doobie the Vocal Avenger, he gets all my love
Ralph Emms the Mexican gets all my love
The Divine Styler, he gets all my love
Bronx Style Bob and Claudia, they get all love
My man Wise Guy gets all my love
Yes, you know my man Matt Champy gets all my love, rest in
Peace my brother
I know you in a better place now than when you were here
Kahaku gets all my love
My man Cameron, First Born, Scribbles, and ATA, they get all my love
'Cause those are my boys, ya know, ha ha
My man Al B. gets all my love
Good lookin' out, my brother
Yea, my man Balthazar *Getty* and the thirteenth floor get all my love
My man Captain Rudethrow gets all my love
Yes, Kid Jazz and Kid Scratch, they get all my love
Up in the boogie down Bronx
I don't forget
Yes, and for inspiration, I'd like to thank Allah
He gets all my love (7x)EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy