Mic Check
When I was led to you
I knew you were the one for me
Come through, dig the sound
I swear the whole world could feel you MC
Crowd around
I used to cop a lot, but never copped no drop
Hold mics like pony tails tight and bob a lot
Stop and stick around, come through and dig the sound
Of the fly brown 6-0 sicko psycho who throws his dick around
Bound to go three-plat, came to destroy rap
It's a intricate plot of a b-boy strapped
Femstat cats get kidnapped
Then release a statement to the press, let the rest know who did that
Metal Fist terrorists claim responsibility
Broken household name usually said in hostility
Um... what is MF? You silly
I'd like to take "Mens to the End" for two milli'
"Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo!" That's a audio daily double
Rappers need to fall off just to save me the trouble, yo
Watch your own back came in and go out alone, black
Stay in the zone—turn H2O to Cognac
On Doomsday, ever since the womb
‘Til I'm back where my brother went, that's what my tomb will say
Right above my government; Dumile
Either unmarked or engraved, hey, who's to say?

I wrote this one in B.C. D.C. O-section
If you don't believe me, go get bagged and check then
Cell number seventeen, up under the top bunk
I say this not to be mean, wish bad luck or pop junk
Pop the trunk on Cee Cipher Punk, leave him left scraped
God forbid, if there ain't no escape, blame MF tape
Definition "super-villain": a killer who love children
One who is well-skilled in destruction, as well as building
While Sidney Sheldon teaches the trife to be trifer
I'm trading science fiction with my man the live lifer
A pied piper holler a rhyme, a dollar and a dime
Do his thing, ring around the white collar crime
Get out my face, askin' ‘bout my case, need toothpaste
Fresher mint, monkey-style nigga get dentadent
And dope fiends still in they teens, shook niggas turn witness
Real mens mind their own business
That's the difference between sissy-pissy rappers that's double-dutch
How come I hold the microphone double-clutch
C.O.'s make rounds, never have ‘ox found
On shakedown, lock-down, wet dreams of Fox' Brown
On Doomsday!, ever since the womb
‘Til I'm back where my brother went, that's what my tomb will say
Right above my government; Dumile
Either unmarked or engraved, hey, who's to say?

Doomsday, ever since the womb
‘Til I'm back to the essence, read it off the tomb
Either engraved or unmarked grave, who's to say?
Pass the mic like "Pass the peas like they used to say"
Some M-er F-ers don't like how Sally walk
I'll tell y'all fools it's hella cool how ladies from Cali talk
Never let her interfere with the Yeti ghetto slang
Nicknames off nipplin' tip of nipples metal fang
Known amongst hoes for the bang-bang
Known amongst foes for flow without no talking orangutans
Only gin and Tang
Guzzled out a rusty tin can, me and this mic is like yin and yang
Clang! Crime don't pay, listen, youth
It's like me holding up the line at the kissing booth
I took her back to the truck, she was uncouth
Spittin' all out the sunroof, through her missing tooth
But then she has a sexy voice, sound like Jazzy Joyce
So I turned it up faster than a speeding knife
Strong enough to please a wife
Able to drop today's math in the 48 keys of life
Cut the crap far as rap
Touch the mic, get the same thing a Arab will do to you for stealing
What the Devil? He's on another level
It's a word! No, a name! MF - the Super-Villain!
Doomsday
Check the sound
Right around
When I was led to you
I knew you were the one for me
I swear the whole world could feel you MC153EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Now I haven't eaten all day. How am I gonna do this man?
Yeah don't wait for her man, don't wait for her
I'll tell you what man: come with me now and you know
I'll get you some lunch, I'll hook you up with something
I got a little bank, y'know, no problem
I hear you, that's cool (Alright? It's cool)
Man, can't you guys just wait here about a half hour, man?
Yo I'll be back man, I'm just gonna munch up a little bit man, I'm pretty hungry
Yo let him come back

Here you will find food for your body
As well as comfort for your troubled mind
I'd really like some soup (Bread and butter)
Of course my friend. What happened to your hand?
Oh, food at last!

How did they get here?
Regular storage procedure, the same as the other food
What other food?
Fish (Food) protein (Fast for ya)
Now what happened?
Well, the cop got
The next morning I went to the store to get some food
(Bread and butter) They arrested me
I'll save you (Thank you)
Would you like a snack?
Thanks for the drink

Operation Doomsday complete
All your intercoms casualty and damage testing

Enough! You talk of the people's rights
The people have only those rights which I choose to give them
And that's for their own good, believe me
I do, DOOM
They disappoint me, they must work faster
But the prisoner-
Ah yes, the young traitor who has tried to turn my people against me
Watch him. I have special plans for that one

Beef rap, could lead to getting teeth capped
Or even a wreath for mom dukes on some grief crap
I suggest you change your diet
It can lead to high blood pressure if you fry it
Or even a stroke, heart attack, heart disease
It ain't no starting back once arteries start to squeeze
Take the easy way out phony, until then
They know they wouldn't be talking that bologna in the bullpen
So disgusting, pardon self as I discuss this
They talk a wealth of shit and they ain't never seen injustice
Bust this, like a cold milk from out the toilet
Two batteries, some Brillo and some foil, heat'll boil it
He be better off on PC glued
And it's a feud so don't be in no TV mood
Every week it's mystery meat, seaweed stewed
(Food, we need food!)
He wears a mask just to cover the raw flesh
A rather ugly brother with flows that's gorgeous
Drop dead joints hit the whips like bird shit
They need it like a hole in they head or a third tit
Her bra smell, his card say, "Aw Hell!"
Barred from all bars and kicked out the Carvel
Keep a cooker where the jar fell
And keep a cheap hooker that's off the hook like Ma Bell
Top bleeding, maybe fella took the loaded rod gears
Stop feeding babies colored sugar-coated lard squares
The odd pair swears and God fears
Even when it's rotten, we've gotten through the hard years
I wrote this note around New Year's
Off a couple of shots and a few beers, but who cares?
Enough about me, it's about the beats
Not about the streets and who food he 'bout to eat
A rhyming cannibal who's dressed to kill and cynical
Whether is it animal, vegetable or mineral
It's a miracle how he get so lyrical
And proceed to move the crowd like a old negro spiritual
For a mil', do a commercial for Mello Yello
Tell them devils, "Hell no, sell y'all own Jello"
We hollow krills, she swallow pills
He follow flea collar three dollar bills
And squealed for halal veal, if y'all appeal
Dig the real, it's how the big ballers deal
Twirl a L after every meal ("Food!")
What up? To all rappers: shut up with your shutting up
And keep a shirt on, at least a button-up
Yuck, is they rhymers or strippin' males?
Out-of-work jerks since they shut down Chippendales
They chippin' nails, DOOM tippin' scales
Let alone the pre-orders that's counted off shippin' sales
This one goes out to all my peoples skippin' bail
Dippin' jail, whippin' tail and sippin' ale
Light the doobie 'til it glow like a ruby
After which, they couldn't find the Villain, like Scooby
He's in the lab on some old Buddha Monk shit
Overproof drunk shit, but who'd'a thunk it?
Punk, try and ask why ours be better
Could be the iron mask or the Cosby sweater
Yes, you, who's screwed by the dude on the CD, nude
("We need food!")56EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yo! (Yo!)
MF DOOM (Mr. Fantastik)
Mr. Fantastik (Villain)
What up, nigga? (Ain't nuttin; what's the word?)
What's cracking, boy? (Same ol' shit, kid)
Man (Different day, you know?)
These rap snitches, man, shit is bugged out, man
What the fuck, man? (Shit, you telling me)
Niggas running their mouth, telling e'rything, e'rything (Critical)

Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
"Do you see the perpetrator?" Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years, uh
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
"Do you see the perpetrator?" Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years

Type profile low, like A in Paid in Full
Attract heavy cash cause the game's centrifugal
Mr. Fantastik, long dough like elastic
Guard my life with twin Glocks that's made out of plastic
Can't stand a brown-nosing nigga, fake ass bastard
Admiring my style, tour bus through Manhattan
Plotting, plan the quickest, my flow's the sickest
My hoes be the thickest, my dro the stickiest
Street nigga, stamped and bonafide
When beef jump niggas come get me cause they know I ride
True to the ski mask, New York's my origin
Play a fake gangsta like an old accordion
According to him, when the D's rushed in
Complication from the wire, testimony was thin
Caused his man to go up north, the ball hit 'em again
Lame rap snitch nigga even told on the Mexican
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
"Do you see the perpetrator?" Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
"Do you see the perpetrator?" Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years

True, there's rules to this shit, fools dare care
Everybody wanna rule the world with tears for fear
Yeah, yeah, tell 'em tell it on the mountain hill
Running up they mouth bill, everybody doubting still
Informer, keep it up and get tested
Pop through your bubble vest or double-breasted
He keep a lab down south in the little beast
So much heat you woulda thought it was the Middle East
A little grease always keeps the wheels a-spinning
Like sitting on twenty threes to get the squealers grinning
Hitting on many trees, feel real linen
Spitting on enemies, get the steel for tin men
Where no brains but gum flap
He said his gun clap, then he fled after one slap (Pap!)
Son, shut your trap, save it for the bitches
Mmm, delicious, rapp snitch knishes
You know what I'm saying? (It's terrible)
Crazy, man, I'm just analyzing this whole game
This is bugged out, man, niggas is snitching
Telling on they own self (It's a horror, yo)
Fuck around and get everybody bagged, man
(Atrocities) Fuck around and get yo mama bagged, nigga
You know your grandmama used to be bootlegging
Fake hustling nigga, heheheheh, haha
Perpetrator? Yeah, I'm right here...40EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Already woke, spared a joke, barely spoke, rarely smoke
Stared at folks when properly provoked, mirror broke
Here, share a strawberry morning
Gone, an more important spawning, torn in, poor men sworn in
Cornish hens switching positions
Auditioning morticians, saw it in a vision, ignoring prison
Ignoramuses enlist and sound dumb
Found 'em drowned in cow's dung, crowns flung
Rings a Tinkerbell, sing for things that's frail as a fingernail
Bring a scale, stale ginger lingers
Seven figures invigor
Nigga, fresh from out the jail, alpha male
Sickest ninja injury this century, enter plea
Lend sympathy to limper Simple Simon rhymin' emcees
Trees is free, please leave a key
These meager fleas, he's the breeze
And she's the bee's knees for sheez, G's of G's
Seize property, shopper sprees, chop the cheese
Drop degrees to stop diseases, gee-whiz, Pa!
DOOM rock grammar like the kumbaya
Mama was a ho hopper
Papa was a Rolling Stone star like Obama, pull a card like oh drama
Civil liberties
These little titties abilities riddle me, middle C (Ahhhh!)
Mmm, give a MC a rectal hysterectomy
Lecture on removal of the bowels, foul technically
Don't expect to see the recipe
Until we receive the check as well as the collection fee
More wreck than Section Z, what you expect to get for free?
Shit from me, history
The key, plucked it off the mayor
Chucked it in the ol' tar pit off La Brea, player
They say he's gone too far
DOOM'll catch em after Jumah on cue lacka!
Do whatcha gotta do, grarrrr
The rumors are not true, got two ma
No prob, got the job, hot bod, heartthrob
Scotchguard the bar with cotton swabs, dart lob
Bake a cake, sweet, Jamaica trade in treats on the beach
Make her skeet til her feets meet
Can it be I stayed away too long?
Did you miss these rhymes when I was gone?
As you listen to these crazy tracks
Check them stats then you know where I'm at
And that's that

Look, there's Doom now!
I followed him to the studio, but I was too late to stop him
That's right! You'll never stop me!
You're dead! You're all dead! Doom!50EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
I get no kick from champagne
Mere alcohol doesn't thrill me at all
So tell me why shouldn't it be true?
I get a kick out of brew

There's only one beer left
Rappers screaming all in our ears like we're deaf
Tempt me, do a number on the label
Eat up all they emcees and drink 'em under the table
Like, "It's on me—put it on my tab, kid"
However you get there, foot it, cab it, iron horse it
You're leaving on your face, forfeit
I crush the mic, hold it like the heat, he might toss it
Told him tell 'em they stole it, he told her he lost it
She told him, "Get off it," and a bunch of other more shit
Getting money, DT's be getting no new leads
It's like he eating watermelon, stay spitting new seeds
It's the weed, give me some of what he drooping off
Soon as he wake up, choking like it was whooping cough
They group been soft
First hour at the open bar and they're trooping off
He went to go laugh and get some head by the side road
She asked him autograph her derriere, it read:
"To Wide Load, this yard bird taste like fried toad turd
Love, Villain" — take pride in code words
Crooked eye, mold, nerd, geek with a cold heart
Probably still be speaking in rhymes as an old fart
Study how to eat to die by the pizza guy
No, he's not too fly to skeet in a skeezer eye
And squeeze her thigh, maybe give her curves a feel
The same way she feel it when he flow with nerves of steel
They call the super when they need their back, uh, plumbing fixed
"How is only one left? The pack comes in six!
Whatever happened to two and three?"
A herb tried to slide with four and five
And got caught like, "What you doing, G?"
Don't make 'em have to get cutting like truancy
Matter fact, not for nothing, right now, you and me!"
Looser than a pair of Adidas
I hope you brought your spare tweeters
MCs sound like cheerleaders
Rapping and dancing like Red Head Kingpin
DOOM came to do the thing again, no matter who be blingin'
He do it for the smelly hubbies
Seeds know what time it is like it's time for Teletubbies
Few can do it, even fewer can sell it
Take it from the dude who wear a mask like a 'tarded helmet
He plots shows like robberies
In and out — one, two, three — no bodies, please
Run the cash and you won't get a wet sweatshirt
The mic is the shotty: nobody move, nobody get hurt
Bring heat like the boy done gone to war
He came in the door, and "Everybody on the floor!"
A whole string of jobs like we on tour
Every night on the score, coming to your corner store
There, it is done
Now that the representative from South Africa has been
Mind programmed
All of the world leaders on earth are under my control
And when they meet tomorrow in special session
I, DOOM, shall be voted: Master of the World
My plan is foolproof, but just in case
And what about snow?

Now you keep your eyes open
When I tell ya, start snappin' (Oh yeah, sure)
Uh, ladies und gentlemen
I am risking my life to tell you with, with great concern
That I must warn you, I, I
You must listen
Many among you, have, have had their minds taken over
(What a story, start snappin’)
DOOM, gosh, I wish I’d brought my autograph book
(Your attempts at humor bore me) Right, lead-head
You’re weird
Why is everyone staring at us?
(Aw, I should have realized, we must look like freaks to them)
Relax masseur, just do your thing
(Get a good grip on my—)
What? Why, I’ll bend your read-out meter for ya, you little
(Hey, knock it off, Ben)
What’s the matter? (Oh, Ben)
You’re nothing but a chicken-head
(You overgrown granite-head) Hold it
43EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Keep your hoes in check
("Super!")
I got this girl and she wants me to duke her
I told her I'd come scoop her around 8, she said ("Super!")
That sounds great, shorty girl's a trooper
No matter what I need her to do, she be like ("Super!”)
Own his own throne, the boss like King Koopa
On the microphone he flossed the ring ("Super!")
Average emcees is like a TV blooper
MF DOOM, he's like D.B. Cooper
Out with the moolah, I let her get a outfit
Just to cool her off, she said, "Niggas ain't about shit"
I wonder if she meant it, I doubt it
The way it be in her mouth she can't live without it
And can't live with this, handle your business
Villain'll stay on a scandalous ho's shit list
One pack of cookies please, Mr. Hooper
It's fun smacking rookies, he is the ("Super!")
Look like a black wookiee when he let his beard grow
Weirdo, brown-skinned'd, always kept his hair low
Rumor has it it's a S-Curl accident
DOOM was always known to keep the best girls' backs bent
Some say it's the eyes, some say the accent
A lot of guys wonder where they stacks went
I call her thunder thighs with the fatty swolla
Only mess with high rollers, do what daddy told her
No matter the city she with me to do the thang-thang
Work in the coochie, hooptie chitty chitty bang bang
Same name on the titty as on the name ring
Pretty like Baby D off "All in the Same Gang"
Keep my eye on her, really don't trust her
But I treat her like a daughter, taught her how to bust a nut
And the heat to turn beef to horsemeat chalupa
Teach her how to hold it, of course he is the ("Super!")
See most cats treat her like Foofur
Or beat her to a stupor, take it from the ("Super!")
You need to make her feel cuter
And lay down the G like Luther, everything'll be ("Super!")
Do for her, keep her in a new fur
So she look sweet when she go to meet the ("Super!")
Got the buddha get the Grenadiers, twist it
Put it in the air, come here, kiss it
Listen here scooter, let her try to bag you
When she's on the rag, never let her fry the Ragu
Which'll have you under some type of spell crying "dag boo"
Her name on your back in a tattoo
Whether a bougie broad, nerd ho, street chick
Don't call her Wifey if you met her at the Freaknik
You don't want her don't waste her time, I'll duke her
And be a father to your child like the ("Super!")
He keep his hoes in check
Sends 'em out to get glows from off frozen necks
Tell 'em, "Take his clothes, leave him posing naked for real
Better yet, get him for the check off the record deal
Find out where he keep the Tec and the blue steel
Make sure for extra wreck, let him know how you feel
And while he's running down to All-Star Weekend to ball
I'm coming with the U-Haul" ("Super!")
("Super!")
("Super!")
(DOOM): Has the laser cannon been loaded?
(DOOM Cronie): Everything has been prepared as you ordered. But how did you get permission to return to New York, Master?
(DOOM): Through the efforts of a misguided... fool
(J. Jonah Jameson): It's free enterprise! And I'm not gonna let some blasted government bureaucrat tell me how to run my business
(Jameson Employee): But DOOM—
(J. Jonah Jameson): Will be my guest on my private estate on Long Island! There's nothing you can do about it
(Jameson Employee): He's dangerous, I just hope you know what you're doing
(J. Jonah Jameson):  Don't I always? Ah, there's DOOM's jet, right on time
(Peter Parker): Why is it so cold down here?
(Voice 2): The heat went out in the whole building
(Voice 3): Warm enough out there on Long Island with DOOM
(Peter Parker): DOOM? Here in New York?
(Robbie Robertson): Yes, DOOM, has an amazing new machine
(DOOM): Get the president of the United States on the phone
(J. Jonah Jameson): How long's all this gonna take, DOOM?
(DOOM): I would not advise you to repeat that error
(J. Jonah Jameson): Sure, I know what you mean41EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Ayo, yo, y'all can't stand right here
In his right hand was your man's worst nightmare
Loud enough to burst his right eardrum, close-range
The game is not only dangerous, but it's most strange

I sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but brag about the broker times

Joking rhymes, like the "Is you just happy to see me?" trick
Classical slapstick rappers need Chapstick
A lot of 'em sound like they in a talent show
So I give 'em something to remember like the Alamo
Tally-ho! A high Joker like a Spades game
Came back from five years laying and stayed the same
Saying, electromagnetic field it blocks all logic, Spock
And G-Shocks her biological clock
When I hit it, slid into the shitter,  thought I killed her goose
Her Power U's was pure Brita water filter juice
Keep a pen like a fiend keep a pipe with him
Gentleman who lent a pen to a friend who write with him
Never seen the shit again but he's still my dunny
The only thing that come between us is krill and money
I sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but brag about the broker times

Better rhymes make for better songs, it matters not
If you got a lot of what it takes just to get along
Surrender now or suffer serious setbacks
Got get-back, connects wet-back, get stacks
Even if you gots to get jet-black, head to toe
To get the dough, battle for bottles of Mo' or 'dro
This fly flow take practice like Tae Bo with Billy Blanks
"Oh, you're too kind!" "Really? Thanks!"
To the gone and lost forever like "Oh My Darling Clementine"
He hold his heart when he telling rhyme
When it's his time, I hope his soul go to Heaven
He nasty like the old time Old No. 7
You still taste it when you chase it with the Coca-Cola
Make 'em wish they could erase it out the Motorola
I told her, "No credit for a bag
If you want what they got, then go get it, it's all gack"
Only in America could you find a way to earn a healthy buck
And still keep your attitude on self-destruct

I sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but tell about the broke times
Joking rhymes, like the "Is you just happy to see me?" trick
Classical slapstick rappers need Chapstick
A lot of 'em sound like they in a talent show
So I give 'em something to remember like the Alamo
Tally-ho! A high Joker like a Spades game
Came back from five years laying and stayed the same
Saying, "Electromagnetic feeling blocks all logical, Spock"
And G-Shocks her biological clock
When I hit it, slit her to the shitter,  thought I killed her goose
Her Power U was pure Brita water filter juice
Keep a pen like a fiend keep a pipe with him
Gentleman who lent a pen to a friend who write with him
Never seen the shit again but he's still my dunny
The only thing that come between us is krill and money

We sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but tell about the broke times
"In your arms tonight
She'll reflect
That she owes you the sweetest of debts
If she wants to pay"
Check it out, y'all! Ya don't stop! Keep on, to the sure shot!
Huh-ha! What the deal, god? Uh, uh, uh, uh, oh!
Yeah, you're listening to the buttery slickness
The Land-O-Lakes from my man MF DOOM!
Ha ha ha ha! Yeah!
Rock-shocking the house, with another nugget
Uh-uh-ah, eh, oh, ah, hoo-wee!
Yeah! Yeah!
Regulation status, right here
Fondle 'Em Recordings, 1999
Yeah!
Now what are you 'posed to say on the end of records?
I don't know! Yeah! Woo! Yeah!
Mashed potatoes!
Apple sauce!
Buttery... biscuits!
And I get lost
A yes, yes, yes, yes y'all
You don't stop
Keep on, a' to the break-a-dawn
Say what?
Uh!
Yeah!
You thought it all was over!
You thought the song was over!
Ah! We tricked you! We tricked you!
Ha ha ha ha... Woo!
You listening to www  dot hairline dot com
MF DOOM, Kool Bob Love...45EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Before we go any further
Friends

As you call 'em, they call you when they need something
Trees for the bluntin', to G's for the frontin'
I found a way to get peace of mind for years and left the hell alone
Turn a deaf ear to the cellular phone
Send me a letter or better, we could see each other in real life
Just so you could feel me like a steel knife
At least so you could see the white of they eyes
Bright with surprise, once they finish spitting lies
Associates, is your boys, your girls, bitches, niggas, homies
Close, or really don't know me
Mom, dad, comrade, peeps, brothers, sisters, duns, dunnies
Some come around when they need some money
Others make us laugh like the Sunday funnies
Fam be around whether you paid or bummy
You could either ignore this advice or take it from me
Be too nice and people take you for a dummy
So nowadays, he ain't so friendly
Actually they wouldn’t even made a worthy enemy
Read the signs: "No feeding the baboons"
Seein' as how they got ya back bleeding from the stab wounds
Y'all know the dance, they smile in ya face, y'all know the glance
Try to put 'em on, they blow the chance
Never let your so-called mans know your plans
(How many of us have them?) A show of hands
(Friends) is a term some people use loosely
I'm real choosy on what I choose to let crew see
You telling me; I try to act broke
Jealousy the number one killer among black folk
Fellas be under some type of spell like crack smoke
Ghetto Cinderellas lead 'em right to your stack, loc
Just another way a chick'll lead to your end
I checked the dictionary for the meaning of friend
It said: "person one likes to socialize with
Sympathizer, helper", and that's about the size of it
Most of the time these attributes is one-sided
To bolster the crime, they're apt to shoot you through your eyelid
And they can't hide it, going wild like a white bitch
Sometimes ya need to cut niggas off like a light switch
(Flick!) And when things get quiet
Catch 'em like a thief in the night, what a riot
I first met Mr. Fantastik at a arms deal
Don't let it get drastic, think of how your moms'll feel
When it get for real, steel get to sparkin'
Everything darken, it ain't no talkin'
For somethin' so cheap, it sure buys a lot of trouble
Ya better off focusing than tryin' to plot to bubble
Or else it'd be a sad note to end on, the guns we got is
(One's we can depend on, friends)
Some come in the form of co-dependents
A lot of times only end up being co-defendants
Ten bucks say they tell for a lower sentence
And leave you up under the jail, begging for repentance
It don't make no sense, what happened to the loyalty?
Honor amongst crooks, trust among royalty
I'd rather go out in a blaze than give 'em the glory
(How many of us have—) a similar story?
(Friends) before lovers, we used to have some type of over-standing
Just so when I let her get the man thing
She know it's no strings, we could do the damn thing
But ho, it's no rings, just how the tramp swings
Will she see him again? That depends on
"How good was the skins?" and "Could she memorize the lessons?"
It ain't no need to pretend
Even though she let him stab it, she know they're just friends
Friends
How many of us have them?
Friends
Ones we can depend on?
Friends
How many of us have them?
Friends
Before we go any further

Fellas! Don't be silly! I know who my friends are!
And the next nice neighborhood I move into, you guys'll get crack'
(Negro humor always escaped me.)
[Outro Skit: Character 1; Mr. Fantastic; (Invisible Woman);
Dr. DOOM; Character 2]
The most powerful, the most mysterious monarch in all the world
Guided by a fighting force that never sleeps
That never relaxes its vigilance
For none is as feared, none has as many foes
As DOOM, the awesome armorclad lord of
I know who Doom is (Then tell us)
He happens to be the most dangerous man in the world
I’d hope we’d never hear from him
I’d hope we’d never have to battle him
But now the worst has happened and I must tell you what we’re up against
I first met DOOM years ago
When he wanted to be alone, alone to pursue his forbidden experiments
One day while conducting a secret experiment
 Later, when he recovered from his injuries
Instead of having learned his lesson, DOOM was bitter, angry, vengeful
 What have I done to myself?
My face, it is hideous
He traveled the world, seeking a cure for his disfigured face
(I’m sorry sir, there is nothing we can do for you)
He traveled through remote villages, where strangers are seldom seen
He continued his search, never showing his face
Unless threatened by bandits who prey on travelers
Who foolishly wander alone through their domain30EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
(Hot shit) (Aww shit)

I strive to be humble, lest I stumble
Never sold a jumbo or copped chicken with its mumbo
Sauce, Tyson is a fowl holocaust
Hitler gassed your whole head up with poultry, I'm fed up
Ignore cordon bleu, stand up, get up
Lunge for your knife, don't forget your potholders
(Hot shit)

What, these old things? About to throw 'em away
With the gold rings that make 'em don't fit like OJ
Usually I take them off with Oil of Olay
MCs is crabs in a barrel, pass the Old Bay
Hot as hell and it's a cold day, innit?
Working on a way that we can roll away tinted
Some say the price of holding heat is often too high
You either be in a coffin or you be the new guy
The one that's too fly to eat shoo pie
Never too busy when it comes down to you and I
(Swear to God) A lot of niggas wish to die
They need to hold they horses, there's bigger fish to fry
You're on the list, if not, pick a number spot
Ten and a half Timbs is made to kick your bumba claat
I coulda had a V-8
F-150 quad cab but I'll be straight
Money comes and goes like that two bit hussy
That night that tried to rush me, Dwight, pass the dutchie
So I can calm down so they don't get it twisted
Take it from the fire side, it won't get blistered
Got it, what happened? Oh, it's not lit
These metal fingers be holding (Hot shit)
When I was four, I penned "God Was Born In New York"
Back in '77, still got nan in the crescent
The effervescence of God's presence is thick
Unlike vapor, Esther Rolle, extra raw, word to the baker
Peace to the hardworkin' gingerbread makers
Looked her up and down; said, "Hmm, too much makeup"
Poor music taste, ten years from being grown up
Rappers don't blow up, heads do (Aww, shit)
My name is Dwight Spitz, I'm a Sonic addict
I use to think it was merely a nagging habit
Born under a bad sign, I'm serious about this curse of mine
I strive to flip it into fine wine
"Barely born a virgin" is what the stars said
Black not white, red all over, though, like Elmo
Twenty-eight years have passed, I feel I'm peaking
I make music every weekend
It's a chore, a fact of life, a labor of love
I get mad love, but I detest the labor
And its wages—you know, death?
I'm servin' life from this gift of God
Don't forget your potholders, my niggas

(More hot shit)
(More hot shit)
(More hot shit)
A short time later27EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Villain man never ran with krills in his hand and
Won't stop rockin' til he clocked in a gazillion grand
Tillin' the wasteland sands
Raps on backs of treasure maps, stacks to the ceilin' fan
He rest when he's ashes
Ask 'em after ten miles in his galoshes, smashes stashes
Chip on his shoulder with a slip on holster
A clip, a folder and his grip on a boulder bolster
They supposed to know, it show when his aura glow
Get from out the row, when he get dough, it's horrible
Time is money, spend, waste, save, invest the fess
For 10 K's, he'll cave a chicken chest S
Yes, y'all, the dub will get ya trickles
The best ballers pitch in and rub together nickels
But tut tut, he 'bout to change the price again
It go up each time he blow up like hydrogen
Villain here, have 'em shrillin' in fear
And won't stop top illin' 'til he a gazillionaire
Grillin' stare, yeah, ya boy had drama
Got 'em on a mental plane, avoided bad karma
Once sold an inbred skinhead a nigga joke
Plus a brand new chrome smoker with the triggers broke
I thought I told 'em, "Firing pins was separate"
He find out later when he tries to go and rep it
Took a Jehovah money for a Arabic Torah
Charged in advance to translate it and ignored it sorta
One monkey don't stop no slaughter
A junkie wanna cop a quarter ton, run for the border
Know the drill, it ain't worth the overkill
Flow skill, still, there's no thrill
Fill a billion 10K bills in his pill'a
Villa', when it gets realer, split the skrilla with-
Dilla (Dilla) mix, mix, mix
Do a deal for kicks and get rich quick
Sketch lyric, bet'cha bottom nick on some vic
Ick from the drumstick come with the dumb shtick
Sick slick, hidden in a book
The only way they find it if you're spittin' in a hook
Listen, don't look now, keep walkin'
Traded three beans for this cow, cheap talkin'
Hawk men stalkin' hear that we hawkin' often
Coughin' to a coffin, might as well scoff the pork then
He's like Worf, some say stronger though
Off the top, Jay Strongbow, play along bro
Wear a mask like yo, off The Gong Show
Flow slow as Mongo, Don Juan thong pro
For ya info when he's not practicin' Jim Crow
A actress and some nympho bimbo
He's playin' Ray J, the old tape
DOOM—well what can I say like JJ in a gold cape
Fill it to the rim like brim
Villain and ya won't find him in no gym
Probably a foggy bog with the frogs
With a dot on the guard as he squat on a log
Half cocked and half baked
Used to keep a full stock of work, half rocked and half shake
My mistake, sign a track agreement
For more G's than lines and cracks in the cement
In any event, it's fake like wrestlin'
Get 'em like Jake The Snake on mescalines
Ahem, elixir for the dry throat
Tried to hit the high note, Villain since a itsy bitsy zygote
By remote, send in the meat wagon
Braggin' MC's packed in with they feets draggin'
These stats are staggerin'
Had his Ph.D in indiscreet street hagglin'
Villain—his agenda is clear
Endin' this year with dividends to spare, here
It's not meant for the seein'
Went through the ceilin' after enterin' his center bein'
A new meanin' to sales through the roof
Guaranteed raw and saw his truth was truth, proof
It's the return of the tramp
Who do a duet jam when Ernest goes to camp
For the right earn, kna'mean like Vern
We need some more oil for the machines to burn, learn
Jiminy crickets
He gets lucky like winnin' free tickets off sickly lyrics
One man's waste is another man's soap
Son's fanbase know the brotha man's dope
A real weirdo with a bugged rare flow
And the way his hair grow was ugly as a scarecrow
He wears a mask so the charge won't grab
On a rooftop with a large stone slab
Heads up, talk white and thought niggerish
Refuse to walk tight and got his off the vigorish
Black licorice and equally as yucky
How he handled the money was strictly Dan Stuckie
Monkey hustle, man on fire
Later for the date than the Hadron Collider
And cost more, it be seemin' like a style
DOOM leave the competition steamin' like a pile
Smile, ding! Sparklin' jewels
In effect like alternate side of the street parkin' rules
Fools, the roach was never dead
Live for a week then dehydrate with a severed head
Instead, it was depicted as flicked in
Split, the wicks lit (Can you dig it?)
We have got to try and find DOOM!
Good luck!23EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
It's the beat, he hear it in his sleep sometimes
Blare it in your jeep so your peoples can stare at them rhymes
Real rhymes not your everyday hologram
Even when ribs was touchin', never swallowed the ham
He'd rather eat a sand sandwich salad
It might need salt like your man's bland ballad
A lot of stuff happens that the news won't tell you's
Blues on L juice, snooze, all hell loose
Rake it, take it like the good, the bad, the ugly
Break it, rollin' through ya hood in the caddy buggy
Butter softly, leather flossy, fatty juggy
Always threw me off when she told me, "Daddy, funk me"
I'm like, "Anywho's"
Seeds walkin' all out in the street without any shoes
I guess it's better than some funky socks
You need to get her some skips before she catch the monkey pox   (Hahahahaha)
Instead she wanna hear the beatbox
Take pills and make fake krills as sheetrock
Sing it, bring it, back to your laboratory
While he's in his oratory, glorious like a horror story
The mask is like Jason
They told the place not to let the basket type case in
He could be some kind of wacko
Waitin' for the chance to heat the pipes like a crack ho
He busted in, blessed be the Lord
Who believe any mess they read up on a message board
If so, I got bridges for the low low
Same bitch a-go dry snitchin' to the popo
Here, orange peel stogs for the whole tier
Feel like I've been gone over a year, came home to old gear
It was the shit when I first scooped it
At least I get to sit out in New York and curse stupid
Plead the fifth, sip wine stiffly
Patiently come up and be spiffy in a jiffy
Gift for the grind, criminal mind shifty
Swift with the nine through a fifty nine fifty
Well edumacated, he heard it when he meditated
In deep theta, let her hate the creep later
Dedicated cheap skata who keeps data
Say he stay self medicated to sleep later
Side effects is similar to sugar pill
Whoever go next on the mic he put a booger, ill
And made his exit on some calm shit
Begged him on the regular for kegs of more vomitspit
("DOOM!")32EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
My servants began to forge what was to become the most dreaded costume on the face of the earth. The last thing to fit was the mask. Will it conform to my twisted features in comfort?

He cleans his metal mask with gasoline, they after him
Last seen pulling chicks like a fiend pull a fast one
Can't put shit past him
Got niggas on his own team mad enough to blast him
Retarded in real life, on the mic Rain Man
Stand close to his main man like a chain gang
Who give a fuck about who or they fancy crew
That's no mystery, like Hardy Boys do with Nancy Drew
Saw her with her drawers down, caught her
The extorter bring slaughter like "Well I oughta"
I suggest you hand over the formula, 'dullah
A villain in your land, in his land a ruler
Hard hitting like puffing a woolah with Lieutenant Uhura
Every day feel like it's an off day with Ferris Bueller
Brother pull heat to prove they not sweet
No matter how you spell it, we still got beats

Don't question how we live, question what we give
Take it to the next leave 'em where they can't see me
Still they judge, but they be butt ass
Twist that wig like a muppet, keep it simple, can't truss it
Light's the fuel, mic is the tool
Drink Jack, kick back, drop jewel, finish what I start
Mastered the art, living hell can't explain it
Inhale confuse it more, cop the .44
Contemplate, meditate, dictate
I direct my direct fate, coming of late
Kurious, can I say, "Shit?"
Do it for CottleRock, do it for K.Nit
(RIP)
K-N-I-T, Sub R-O-C
(Eternally for M-I-C)
Only we save we

By candlelight my hand will write these rhymes 'til I'm burnt out
Mostly from experience, shit that I learned about
Topics and views, generally concerned about
With different ways to come up and earn clout
I take a look at my life and pace the trails
From Tablik and savage females with fake nails to face veils
You out your frame but still bagging 'em too
You know I know, these hoes be asking me if I'm you
Like my twin brother, we did everything together
From hundred raka'at salats to copping butter leathers
Remember when you went and got the dark blue Ballys?
I had all the different color Cazals and Gazelles
The "SUBROC" three-finger ring with the ruby in the "O", ock
Truly the illest dynamic duo on the whole block
I keep a flick of you with the machete sword in your hand
Everything is going according to plan man

And now I seek revenge on the one who forced me to hide behind this mask. Don't move you fools. Within my gauntlet is concealed a most effective weapon!


Why are you smiling?
You see

Now!

That's the end of Doom

I only wish we could be certain of that commissioner

Oh ya? I bet'chu we won't see him again until Doomsday. 
Get it? Doom-Doomsday!

Ya, we get it. Oh Borther!
21EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Darker than the East River, larger than the Empire State
Where the beast who guard the barbed wire gate
Is on the job—not my fate, tired of the wait
'Til the Villain bring deliverance from the dire straits
Fire at a higher rate, why debate the liars?
Fliers scatter, buy a plate—isolate the wires
Try the straight pliers, if not—the vice grips
A real price-saver way to acquire nice whips
What a steal for real on wheels of steel
Stunner, a funner summer number-one meal deal-bummer
A bizarre phenomenon—is your armor on?
Take your cash, Karma, or break your fast—Ramadan
Transaction drama—aw, come on, Barney
Clack, clack—pardon me, whack rap con carne
He came to feed the childrens like Sally Struthers
After that, he's going back to Cali, where's the—("—love is—")
Wilder than the Nile, hold power like the great pyramids
Of Giza, and stay leanin' like the tower of Pisa
Give him something he can feel that's soft to squeeza
Raw with the pen, and on the mic—off the hezza
Get shot off that wide-eyed talk
And if he had a pot—he'd still piss on the sidewalk
Can't take the street out the street-person
Lookin' for the perfect beat, coercion into heat-burstin'
They couldn't spot him on the spot date
Got the only tape that come with a free hot-plate
Whoever do get to see me sing
With the 3 D-ring sittin' stationary like B.B. King
Can see how it really sting—it ain't no front row
Standing room only at the motocross stunt show
The ruckus ain't up to Snuffleupagus
Me and Sub' is like the brown Smothers Brothers ("My love is—")
Vaster than the seven seas, bigger than Mount Kilimanjaro
If they don't know, fill 'em in tomorrow
On the horror show, a mental note: return Bob’s record
Swear to God, before he gets a job, he robs an Eckerd
Blessed with a hot flow—tested—it got dough
Invested in stress, the best to finesse an opto
As I reminisce, never forgot when I was very broke
Shot the Henny straight, couldn't afford to cop the Cherry Coke
Or should I say, broke with wealth?
To know enough to give them just enough rope to yoke they self
Plan B before I take the ring and pawn it
The long arm of the law couldn't even put they fingers on it
Dog-gone it—do the statistics
How he bust lyrics—it's too futuristic for ballistics
And far too eccentric for forensics
I dedicate this mix to Subroc, the hip-hop Hendrix
"In my pocket, a note. 
It's—from my father."
"—from the guard's whip. Is this a trick?
Why would I resort to trickery? You're already a prisoner. What do I gain by deceiving you?
You can't blame me for being suspicious."
"No."
Hehe
21EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
It's horrible
One lonely evening alone, home
End up with carpal tunnel syndrome
And here I am, known for giving heavy back aches
Grown and living off of Little Debbie snack cakes
Supposed to be checking emails
All I got is messages from ass naked females
I don't know a Jenny
She said it's free and I won't owe her a penny
And that's the last time I saw her
But thousands of more horrors on online Gomorrah
And Sodom, they got 'em with they curls out
And they got a better sales pitch than the Girl Scouts
I wonder what I owe her
For a whole box of caramel coconut samoa
("Nite nite!") Uh, okay honey, sweet dreams
Now it's time to get serious like Peek Freans
A metal handful, wipe it on the quilt
Wife wake up and I'm kill't over spilt milk
Locked in, looking at your picture
Fully clothed winter and I'm right there with ya
Thinking about the last time I split your wishbone
A man could only wish you do the same 'til he get home
Fat chance, at least he get snacks
That'd have to do 'til a brother get back
Until then smack One-Eyed Jack
And hope one of his peoples can hook him with a tri-pack
That's three different flavors
Chocolate, vanilla and strawberry wafers
Acting all hard, 'bout to get beat up
I'll show him what time it is once I get this sheet up
Soon as he fell off the beat down
All I hear is, "13th cell, put the sheet down"
Damn C.O., what the hell do she know?
Besides the fact she wanna get dug out on the d-low
A workaholic with a fountain in the ink pen
Out in the mountains and I stopped drinking again
In the wee hours, he's gotten farther
Needing three showers, being hot and bothered
The wiz with her legs bent, pregnant
God bless the day she wondered where her egg went
I need a L, it's hard to drink without it
And could use some kookies but trying not to think about it
Watching "BET" on jazz for knowledge on file
Every other commercial, college hoes gone wild
Soft batch, I prefer the other bunch
Like we got for lunch, chocolate fudge butter crunch

He don't mess with the Ritz Bits
Wheat Thins, Saltines or Triscuits
Matzos or Cheez-Its
Catch sugar fits every time that he sees
Chips Ahoy, double chocolate chunk
Something with the bubble and the junk in the trunk
Even the Oreos, no matter what weather
Always kept 'em dipped in milk and stuck together
In the game he's shameless
Even uses a code name: Famous Amos
It's cheaper than a short stay at the Days Inn
And good like 25 cent oatmeal raisin
Give a hand to who invented the camera
Skip past the graham, animal and Grandma’s
Shh, make sure she don't wake from her dream chill
Or get caught with a handful of cream fill
"Oh, honey! What are you doing? That's so nasty!"
It might seem ill
"Ew! Go wash your hands!" (No)
Kookies
"Get out of here!"
"DOOM is master of the world."
"I'd sure hate to see that ugly mug of yours in my history book."
"You've disturbed me for the last time."
(Voice 1): Hey, y'know something gang, that DOOM ain't really all bad
(Voice 2): What do you mean, Ben?
(Voice 1): Well, on account of him I had me a real good time. Y'know, I mean, between you and me I kinda like being black
(Voice 3): Well, maybe if we're lucky he'll attack us once more and send you back, Benjamin
(Voice 1): Ah-haha very funny, very very funny
(Voice 2): He must be mad
(Voice 4): Well, if anyone can do it. Nevertheless let's get out of here, while we can
(Misc. Voice): Food, we need food12EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Give it a sec for the pain to start
This wreck right here, it ain't for the faint of heart
They thought they saw the worst verse
From the team of G men who seem like nerds at first
Once they get to know us people dig us
Leaders in the fight for equal rights for niggas
Inventor of the more dementeder flow, no bout a-doubt it
This go for if you're bout it, bout it or rowdy, rowdy
Whatever's clever, the master fold
Who every hooker heard of, but now ho know
If we see tomorrow, the next day classes
The Villain in the back with the x-ray glasses
Have no fear, the ninja here
Feel 'em like the tinge in your ear from drinking ginger beer
When it's on, loco head gon' lay low
And heat it like beef patty, coco bread kon queso
If you say so lace the whole case load
They say he wear a metal mask in case his face show
He told 'em they flows is bitch talk and ayo's
His whole crew walk with pitchfork and halos
Say, ho, if you never worked a J-O
And keep more cash in the stash than a peso
Okay, yo, y'all know who to follow
Tie 'em up in the crib and leave they place hollow
Oh, shoot, the goose is loose
So wild you couldn't chase it down with straight fruit juice
Frown like the first time you taste cous cous
Stash the deuce deuce, troops asking "truce, truce"
Today on intense wreck week
We have the super villain in his own defense to speak
It's all part of my mental techniques
Available to freaks and pencil neck geeks
Train a sane brain to an insane train of thought
On a campaign trail he came to gain your support
Charge cash for a autograph
Say some shit to make your daughter laugh then slaughter the ass
See 'em on the big screen like Steve McQueen
Do something and never be back once he leaves the scene
Keep more medicated pads than Stridex
For his own side wreck with no known side effects
Before you press charges use your noodle
So what when he grab the mic he crush your cute cuticles
Keep your mouth shut, everything will be beautiful
It would be awfully rude to you, now get back to your hooty hoo
Damn it, it ain't worth the drama, can it
From the calm bandit eat rhymers like pomegranate
Soon as he stepped in, he lit the room
Boom, reschedule my noon with Brit Hume
(Doom!) In love with Mary Jane, she's my main thing
Pulled her right from that web head, what a lame brain
Maintain and say it, don't spray it
You wanna see your girl again, you might as well pay it
If I had a dime for every rhymer that bust guns
I'll have a cool mil' for my sons in trust funds
When I was broker than a broke dick dog
I always kept a L to smoke in thick fog
When it rain, it sure do thunderstorm
I got more rhymes in the summer than musty underarms
One, two, microphone checker
First learned to neck off a Home Ec homewrecker
This is back when he was like crib age
When he hit the stage, it's like a gauge to the rib cage
Break the mic like a rock star break a guitar
And jump off the stage like "Yee haw!"
(UN leader): We shall now vote for a new world leader. I nominate, DOOM. All in favor, say Aye
(Delegates (In unison)): Aye!
(Peter Parker): Oh no
(DOOM): DOOM, is master of the world
(Voice 1): We must hurry
(Voice 2): Wait! If you are really with us, prove it. Let me hear you say it. Tell me that DOOM is a tyrant and must be overthrown
(Voice 1): I-I have spent my life
(Voice 2): Say it! You have spent your life serving a tyrant. DOOM must be stopped
(Voice 1): I fear you're right, my friend
(DOOM Cronie): The President of the United States is on the phone
(DOOM): Mr. President, you're at the mercy of your deadliest enemy
(President): It is time you learned once and for all, DOOM. The United States does not barter with terrorists
(DOOM): You never learn, do you?
(Voice 1): Here, this is the address of friends in New York. They'll help12EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Metal Face 2
Operation Doomsday
You were very high
By the way, I re-up on bad dreams, bag up screams in fiftys
Be up on mad schemes that heat shop like jiffy (Pop-pop)
In a instant, get smoked like Winston Cigarettes
Hoes get ripped off like Nicorette (Patch)
In real life, the real trife scene
Might snatch ya life like assault machine
Rifle, dead-up setup like bull-fight
Be blunted how we like couldn't white or in full flight
The unemotional, call me anti-social
On the run, off the gun death tally commercial
Death valley is like rehearsal to the streets
To my peeps G.M., MF on the beat
Rhymes is chosen like the weapons of war
So keep from steppin' on my floor or delivery front-door
I bring it to ya'll motherfuckers, master yours
My disaster cause.. Hell, in gas drawls
The supervillain cooler than a million, I be chillin'
Still quick to slice squares like Sicilians
Don't make me have to hurt them feelings
I'll ruin you in the dirt that I be doin' in my dealings
(While I'm) Sendin' spirits through the ceilin', chrome peelin'
Dome blown within the comforts of your own home
Grown big, wheelin' and high rollin'
I hold the lye, it keeps the sty on my eye swollen
Holdin', foldin' the pal
Known as massive-versatile
I’d like to big-them-up Monsta Isle
Uummm, yeah
I saw you in Hell with them gas drawls
Mhm

To my brother Subroc and Black Ju, I crack brew for
Two more, three men, two up
I hit the brew up like nobody knows how X the unseen feels
When givin' crews a brush with death like between meals
Two times a day with brothers that's tight like a noose
With more rhymes in use than Dr. Seuss
Or motherfuckin' Mother Goose
X the suspicious flirter who every hooker heard'a
Next to malicious murda
A track type vicious, fulfillin' the pipe wishes
The misses may be legal, minus the baby eagle
Any given summer's eve, don't breathe
Sixteen shots, I do believe, and one up the sleeve
Master of the O who predict ya last pause
I told y'all, Hell and gas drawls
Breakin' glass and plastic jaw like federal drastic law
Fed up from fightin' secret war wit' them Fantastic Four
(Invisible Bitch)
Versus Doom wit' the metal face
Before I go to state, the hoe better settle case
The flow is at pedal pace, steady like tricycles
Beware all suckas is froze like icicles (Bag 'em up)
And baggin' bitches like nickels 'cause I lick 'em where they tickle
Before I hit the clit though, I'mma split 'til I pronounce
More hits than a ounce, no doubt
About ta' bounce, X the unannounced, I'm out
And I like to give a shoutout to the brother Jet Jaguar
Megalon and King Geedorah
I call this joint right here Gas Drawls
In Hell with yours21EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
One more beer
And I'll take you all
All of you

Banned from all bars
The man with seven scars

Smack it up, flip it, pulled out, 'bout to fell
Sunday in the ATL and I'm all outta ale
Like a bat out of hell, tripped on a cat tail
Mutt drinkin out a pail, who let the rat out the cell?
Got all the ingredients and recipe, might as well
Since last week, the bootlegger been in jail
If all else fail, inhale the L
Makin' sure they can't see your sale via snail mail
Mind like a sewer, servin' rhyme on a skewer
DOOM'll step to a fine dime like he knew her
"My black sister!" She said, "Step back!" before he kissed her
She did the dipper and the smack just missed her
There go a list of politics like Henry Kissinger
99% of rap's just a friendly listener
I'm like, "These dudes must have some screws loose to hate y'all"
Or a couple of ounces short of deuce-deuce or 8 Ball
Y'all know it's time for the end when the day come
Buy a album, get rudely insulted over fake drums
Same CDs you get for free, you break 'em
Wa-alaikum, make 'em eat they food like Steak-umm
Why she wanna ask me if I could pass the paprika?
One hand on the mic, the other on the beaker
Every week or so, peeked out the lab though, eureka!
A technique to keep somethin' uniquer in ya speaker
For yo' information, I didn't do the beat, y'all
It ain't my fault if she didn't move her feet at all
Skeeter, robbed Peter to pay Paul
So he could trick it on Mary so she can play ball
She better have my skrilla
Cut it out with all that funny hand jive, will ya?
All this trouble for a tall glass of Olde E
Drink it all fast and make you haul ass slowly
Remind me to remember what you told me
Holy moly, did you get a load of her roly-poly?
Yo, G, remind me to remember what you told me
Whoever don't feel him, feel balls like a goalie

One for the money, two for the better green
3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine
Told the knock-kneed ghetto queen, "Get the head fiend"
Tell him it's from Medellin and use oxyacetylene
Who needs airplay? It's all just hearsay
Leave a wig like it was having a bad hair day
Miracle glide master, asked him what's his secret
He said, "Shasta, it turns to formaldehyde faster"
When I'm home with my lady, I try to duke her daily
One night, she tried to flail me with her ukulele
Pack your heat, the Villain on the cover of Black Beat
With a bunch of crackers and some snack meat

They better have my skrilla
Cut it out with all that funny hand jive, will ya?
All this trouble for a tall glass of Olde E
Drink it all fast and make you haul ass slowly
Remind me to remember what you told me
Holy moly, did you get a load of her roly-poly?
Yo, G, remind me to remember what you told me9EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
If you're waiting for a parade, there ain't none
Sharpen up your spirit of adventure, the fabulous gay way
Hey, what's the big idea? (Yeah!)
I have no ideas, in fact, I'm quite bewildered
Now don't get gay with me
(Gay? Sir, I'm far from gay)
Now listen and keep your shirt on
Grown men in a rubber suit, runnin' around with a young boy
(Homo)

Oh shoot, get a load of that fruit
In thigh-high boots, red tighty-whities and blue cat suit
(Holy homos!) Even the rats know it’s tacky
"You ever see me slippin' like that bitch, just smack me"
Posin' Chester, legs open, couldn’t stand worse
All was missin' was a bandana and a man purse
Cryin', dyin', laughin' 'til glands burst
Faster than a speeding glass, bleeding-ass ran first
Fixin' baby hair, messed up wavy curl
Under the cape the back of the S say baby girl
The things some people‘ll do for fame
It’s an herb, it’s a lame, it's, a Goddamn shame
Villain willing when them cold streets call
You can keep your hero and hold the meatballs
Worthy title, lock it with pockets on empty
He work harder than a steam engine like John Henry
Turn dirt to dollars like Don Henley
Ugly and still get hollers like Ron Jeremy
At least monetarily terribly
MC's need therapy, it’s like a fairy spree
Hit him with a kryptonite brick (Kryptonite)
Children come and prick his dead body with a stick
Wrote this lyric from in the bed with a chick
She had the tightest grip around the head of my
How much money you got?
I ain't got but four dollars on me
Damn
Anyway I don't got this whole (censored) for ya
Shit, you must be some kind of faggot man
My partner a faggot, why don't you come on out here man?
Man, what the hell?

...Bic, now can I get my pen back
Got no enemy, got no friend, black
With the Green Goblin got the Batcave robbed
Bust in Batman’s head bobbin’, slobbin’ Robin’s knob
Y'all already got your belts on the floor so
Kick them shits over here and click off the porno
Alfred come home, and found them both naked
Handcuffed to each other just as he had suspected
Red and chrome Batmobile, wheelin‘ and dealin’
Aquaman's sleepin' with the fishes for real for squealin’
Psst! The lo-lo on a seal skin blazer
It’s just a little graze from a razor-thin laser
Amazed at all these so-called wannabe players
Showin' off they titballs to all the free-gayers
It’s like a leotard fest
How it got started is any retard's guess
Regardless, that’s they choice, no hate debate
Becomes a problem when they try an attempt to go straight
And raise the monster rate in the whole population
It’s starting to affect the super pimpin' occupation
Now who’s the hater? Headline the newspaper
Fate of a fake you out caped crusader
Tied to the tracks, make a damn tram derail
Rap is like scam spam Nigerian e-mail
The man with no beard is more weirder than a she-male
Sucker got bagged on a Temazepam street sale
Told 'em one of ours set it up, yeah doubt
Did it like the dirty drawls, wet ‘em up and air it out
You got any money? (What?)
Listen, you got any money?
Man you goin' crazy? What the hell for?
Four dollars only, damn
Batman's gay (batty boys)3EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
(Narrator): Running desperately low on food, they were forced to turn back
(Interjection): Well I'll be!
(Interjection 2): What's that villain doing?
(Voice 1): Wait princess, your voice sounds familiar
(Princess): Well it should. You see, DOOM wants me to marry him (What?)
But after seeing what he has done to our peaceful world, I despise him. He intends to destroy all of us if I persist in refusing him, even now

Sheitan never came so ill, he got skill
Met a brother from the grill that gave my spine chills
All thirty three nerves, controlling my curves
Common sense just swerved every time I got served
Stress, frustration, empty rhetoric
Cold as winter in Connecticut, compassion lacking deficit
Thought it was love like, sent from above, you not a soulmate
More ways and actions of a primate
Who by low and census coming faker than extensions
Pissed away all good intentions, outta here sister was missin'
Intuition, maybe it was me, I couldn't see
Holding onto fantasy, getting bitten by reality

War wound, purple heart, love veteran
Morphine, pain killers, drugs and medicine
Anything just to forget the hurt
Incoming! Take cover, hit the dirt
On the front-line, there's casualties in the mind
And the POW's get left behind
Mentally scarred for life, love is war
And some chicks are just too hard to wife
I shoulda deaded it from genesis instead of hittin' the Guinnesses
Now I'm free falling, cursing at the street, bawling
He ceased calling, no appetite for feast darling
So deep all in, I bet he never stop balling women
Forsake God for the sin of a man
Sacrifice a whole life for a slice, overstand?
Maybe it's a lack of pigment, loneliness imagine figment
Only got the car tinted to pull extra G's in it
Damn Jody, comin with the okie doke, pokie poke
Steady rockin boats, got me aimin for ya throats
Sniper scope, weren't we supposed to elope?
Propose then ya froze, I don't think that I can cope

War wound, purple heart, love veteran
Morphine, pain killers, drugs and medicine
Anything just to forget the hurt
Incoming! Take cover, hit the dirt
On the front-line, there's casualties in the mind
And the POW's get left behind
Mentally scarred for life, love is war
And some chicks are just too hard to wife

Constant frustration, stemming from a no-win situation
Rushing lust and fornication adding to the complication
Patience is a virtue, pain run deep when love desert you
Listenin' to whisperin', choosing chaos over discipline
Simpleton, life should really be a piece of Entenmann’s
Relationships strengthening, flower essence: Penstemon
Gentlemen, my favorite shit, so I've never forsaken it
I persevere, make it fit, sculpting and reshaping it
Taking sips off a fifth of it, passionate
Intense, incense candles lit, scandalous
Emotional bandages, why would he abandon this?
Guess he couldn't handle it, the boss is magnanimous
War wound, purple heart, love veteran
Morphine, pain killers, drugs and medicine
Anything just to forget the hurt
Incoming! Take cover, hit the dirt
On the front-line, there's casualties in the mind
And the POW's get left behind
Mentally scarred for life, love is war
And some chicks are just too hard to wife

(Interjection): Oh boy here we go!
(Voice): How come all you college boys wear them faggotty-looking white shoes, they look funny as hell. Ah looks like she got burnt laces
(Bert): You didn't wash your neck. Sometimes we don't wash our necks, but that's ok
(Ernie): Oh I washed my neck. Take-take a look at my neck
(Misc. Voice): Hold it right there you!
(DOOM): Where you are going, there are no jokes
(Spiderman): I'm beginning to think that armor plated Gargoyle doesn't like me8EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
You know when you're gonna come in?
Nobody will never ever, ever, really, really know
Because the more you know, the more you know that you don't know shit!
Niggas'll never run out of shit!
So much shit, so much scripts through here, niggas never run out of shit...
Enjoy the roller coaster ride

Walk the path of Jesus, witness if Hell freezes
The mind teases reality, crack the pieces
Nothing eases; being chastise with blood baptize
Guys revise, acknowledge past lives
Statements will be made, acknowledge me (Acknowledge me)
My mind is Heaven's gate so enter me (Enter me)
My mind is the gate to Hell, so try to flee (Try to flee)
Both gates look the same, which will it be?
Demons scream from thought process
Enter semen, child born, stress
Body want to sleep but the mind can't rest
Measure pleasure through financial progress
When it come to currency, love is nonexistent
Foes modify, friends become so distant
Some hope you die, backstab in an instant
Foes I despise, disguised as allies
To sabotage, camouflage, loyalty is lies
To see God, look into my eyes
To see the Devil, then you look into my eyes
(As I rise from Hell's equator...)
Cause I'ma slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up
Metal Fingers feed beats, Grimm Reaper eat 'em up
Speed 'em up, slow 'em up, speed 'em up, slow it up
Brainsick, tick, tick, tick, MF blow it up
Slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up
Metal Fingers feed beats, Grimm Reaper eat it up
Speed it up, slow it up, speed it up, slow it up
Brainsick, tick, tick, tick, MF blow it up

Take air, compress it, bless it, mix loops like Ku Klux
MF don't give two fucks
Nigga, quarterback blitz, popped, quickly fumble
Leave game with concussion, seeing stars and mumbles
This happens to any emcee that wants to rumble
Dynasties destroyed like Carringtons and Colbys
Noise, reduced, MF thinks in Dolby
Chop that ass in half like Obi-Wan Kenobi
Greatest of all time, God straight up told me
Greatest of all time, the Devil even told me
Icicles on surfaces of sun, we livin' coldly
Prophets be phony
And we attack, we switch like the Wu-Tang symbol
Still kill Jack even though quick and nimble, plain and simple
Pick niggas off while they ballin'
And die old like Stalin
Yes, Death, I hear you callin', I accept collect
Human sacrifice, must pay respect
We catch reck, nigga, we catch reck
And, we gonna, gonna
Slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up
Metal Fingers feed beats, Grimm Reaper eat 'em up
Speed 'em up, slow 'em up, speed 'em up, slow it up
Brainsick, tick, tick, tick, MF blow it up

Boom
MF Grimm, MF DOOM11EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy