Right about now, N.W.A court is in full effect
Judge Dre presiding
In the case of N.W.A versus the Police Department
Prosecuting attorneys are MC Ren, Ice Cube
And Eazy-motherfucking-E
Order, order, order!
Ice Cube, take the motherfucking stand
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth
And nothing but the truth so help your black ass?
You goddamn right
Well, won't you tell everybody what the fuck you gotta say?

Fuck the police comin' straight from the underground
A young nigga got it bad 'cause I'm brown
And not the other color, so police think
They have the authority to kill a minority
Fuck that shit, 'cause I ain't the one
For a punk motherfucker with a badge and a gun
To be beating on and thrown in jail
We can go toe-to-toe in the middle of a cell
Fuckin' with me 'cause I'm a teenager
With a little bit of gold and a pager
Searchin' my car, lookin' for the product
Thinkin' every nigga is sellin' narcotics
You'd rather see me in the pen
Than me and Lorenzo rollin' in a Benz-o
Beat a police out of shape
And when I'm finished, bring the yellow tape
To tape off the scene of the slaughter
Still getting swole off bread and water
I don't know if they fags or what
Search a nigga down and grabbing his nuts
And on the other hand, without a gun, they can't get none
But don't let it be a black and a white one
'Cause they'll slam ya down to the street top
Black police showing out for the white cop
Ice Cube will swarm
On any motherfucker in a blue uniform
Just 'cause I'm from the CPT
Punk police are afraid of me, huh
A young nigga on the warpath
And when I'm finished, it's gonna be a bloodbath
Of cops dying in L.A. 
Yo, Dre, I got something to say
Fuck the police, fuck— fuck—
Fuck the police, fuck— fuck—
Fuck the police, fuck the— fuck the—
Fuck the police (Example of scene one)

Pull your goddamn ass over right now!
Aw shit, now what the fuck you pullin' me over for?
'Cause I feel like it!
Just sit your ass on the curb and shut the fuck up!
Man, fuck this shit
Alright, smart-ass, I'm taking your black ass to jail!
MC Ren, will you please give your testimony
To the jury about this fucked up incident?

Fuck the police and Ren said it with authority
Because the niggas on the street is a majority
A gang is with whoever I'm steppin'
And the motherfuckin' weapon is kept in
A stash spot for the so-called law
Wishing Ren was a nigga that they never saw
Lights start flashing behind me
But they're scared of a nigga, so they mace me to blind me
But that shit don't work, I just laugh
Because it gives them a hint not to step in my path
For police, I'm saying, "Fuck you, punk!"
Reading my rights and shit, it's all junk
Pulling out a silly club, so you stand
With a fake-ass badge and a gun in your hand
But take off the gun so you can see what's up
And we'll go at it, punk, and I'ma fuck you up
Make you think I'ma kick your ass
But drop your gat, and Ren's gonna blast
I'm sneaky as fuck when it comes to crime
But I'ma smoke 'em now and not next time
Smoke any motherfucker that sweats me
Or any asshole that threatens me
I'm a sniper with a hell of a scope
Takin' out a cop or two, they can't cope with me
The motherfuckin' villain that's mad
With potential to get bad as fuck
So I'ma turn it around
Put in my clip, yo, and this is the sound (*Gunshots*)
Yeah, somethin' like that
But it all depends on the size of the gat
Takin' out a police would make my day
But a nigga like Ren don't give a fuck to say
Fuck the police, fuck the— fuck the—
Fuck the police, fuck the— fuck the—
Fuck the police, fuck the— fuck—
Fuck the police

*Knocking*
Yeah, man, what you need?
Police, open now (Aww, shit)
We have a warrant for Eazy-E's arrest (*Battering ram*)
Get down and put your hands right where I can see 'em! (Move, motherfucker, move now!)
What the fuck did I do, man? What did I do?
Just shut the fuck up and get your motherfucking ass on the floor! (You heard the man, shut the fuck up!)
But I didn't do shit
Man, just shut the fuck up!
Eazy-E, won't you step up to the stand
And tell the jury how you feel about this bullshit?
I'm tired of the motherfuckin' jackin'
Sweating my gang, while I'm chillin' in the shack, and
Shining the light in my face, and for what?
Maybe it's because I kick so much butt
I kick ass, or maybe 'cause I blast
On a stupid ass nigga when I'm playing with the trigger
Of an Uzi or an AK
'Cause the police always got somethin' stupid to say
They put out my picture with silence
'Cause my identity by itself causes violence
The E with the criminal behavior
Yeah, I'm a gangsta, but still, I got flavor
Without a gun and a badge, what do you got?
A sucker in a uniform waiting to get shot
By me or another nigga
And with a gat, it don't matter if he's smaller or bigger
(Size don't mean shit, he's from the old school, fool)
And as you all know, E's here to rule
Whenever I'm rollin', keep lookin' in the mirror
And ears on cue, yo, so I can hear a
Dumb motherfucker with a gun
And if I'm rollin' off the eight, he'll be the one
That I take out, and then get away
While I'm driving off laughing, this is what I'll say
Fuck the police, fuck the— fuck the—
Fuck the police, fuck—
Fuck the police, fuck— fuck—
Fuck the police (The verdict)

The jury has found you guilty of being a redneck, white bread, chicken shit motherfucker
Wait, that's a lie! That's a goddamn lie!
Get him out of here! (I want justice!)
Get him the fuck out my face! (I want justice!)
Out, right now!
Fuck you, you black motherfuckers!
Fuck the police
Fuck the police
Fuck the police187EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
You are now about to witness the strength of street knowledge
Straight outta Compton!
Crazy motherfucker named Ice Cube
From the gang called Niggas Wit Attitudes
When I'm called off, I got a sawed-off
Squeeze the trigger, and bodies are hauled off
You too, boy, if you fuck with me
The police are gonna have to come and get me
Off your ass, that's how I'm going out
For the punk motherfuckers that's showing out
Niggas start to mumble, they wanna rumble
Mix 'em and cook 'em in a pot, like gumbo
Going off on the motherfucker like that
With a gat that's pointed at your ass
So give it up smooth
Ain't no telling when I'm down for a jack move
Here's a murder rap to keep y'all dancin'
With a crime record like Charles Manson
AK-47 is the tool
Don't make me act a motherfucking fool
Me you can go toe to toe, no maybe
I'm knocking niggas out the box, daily
Yo, weekly, monthly and yearly
Until them dumb motherfuckers see clearly
That I'm down with the capital C-P-T
Boy, you can't fuck with me
So when I'm in your neighborhood, you better duck
‘Cause Ice Cube is crazy as fuck
As I leave, believe I'm stompin'
But when I come back boy, I'm coming straight outta Compton
(Compton Compton Compton)
(City of Compton, City of Compton)
Yo, Ren! (Whassup?)
Tell 'em where you from!

Straight outta Compton, another crazy ass nigga
More punks I smoke, yo, my rep gets bigger
I'm a bad motherfucker, and you know this
But the pussy-ass niggas won't show this
But I don't give a fuck, I'ma make my snaps
If not from the records, from jacking or craps
Just like burglary, the definition is jacking
And when I'm legally armed it's called packing
Shoot a motherfucker in a minute
I find a good piece of pussy and go up in it
So if you're at a show in the front row
I'ma call you a bitch or dirty-ass ho
You'll probably get mad like a bitch is supposed to
But that shows me, slut, you're not opposed to
A crazy motherfucker from the street
Attitude legit, ‘cause I'm tearing up shit
MC Ren controls the automatic
For any dumb motherfucker that starts static
Not the right hand, ‘cause I'm the hand itself
Every time I pull an AK off the shelf
The security is maximum, and that's a law
R-E-N spells Ren, but I'm raw
See, ‘cause I'm the motherfucking villain
The definition is clear, you're the witness of a killin'
That's taking place without a clue
And once you're on the scope, your ass is through
Look, you might take it as a trip
But a nigga like Ren is on a gangsta tip
Straight outta Compton
(Compton Compton Compton)
(City of Compton, City of Compton)
Eazy is his name, and the boy is coming…

Straight outta Compton
Is a brother that'll smother your mother
And make your sister think I love her
Dangerous motherfucker raising hell
And if I ever get caught, I make bail
See, I don't give a fuck, that's the problem
I see a motherfucking cop, I don't dodge him
But I'm smart, lay low, creep a while
And when I see a punk pass, I smile
To me it's kinda funny, the attitude showing a nigga driving
But don't know where the fuck he's going, just rolling
Looking for the one they call Eazy
But here's a flash, they'll never seize me
Ruthless, never seen, like a shadow in the dark
Except when I unload
You see a spark and jump over hesitation
And hear the scream of the one who got the lead penetration
Feel a little gust of wind and I'm jetting
But leave a memory no one'll be forgetting
So what about the bitch who got shot? Fuck her!
You think I give a damn about a bitch? I ain't a sucker
This is an autobiography of the E
And if you ever fuck with me
You'll get taken by a stupid dope brother who will smother
Word to the motherfucker, straight outta Compton
(Compton Compton Compton)
(City of Compton, City of Compton)
Damn, that shit was dope!185EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
*Sirens*
Ah shit. Man, them pinche black gangstas are at it again
I wonder who they fucked up today?
*Screeching Tires*
You motherfucker!
*Machine Gun Fire*
(Got him)

Pull over to the side right now
Man, fuck them motherfuckers!

Yo, Dre! Give me a funky-ass bassline!
Right here!
Here's a little somethin' about a nigga like me
Never should've been let out the penitentiary
Ice Cube would like to say
That I'm a crazy mothafucka from around the way
Since I was a youth, I smoked weed out
Now I'm the mothafucka that you read about
Takin' a life or two, that's what the hell I do
You don't like how I'm livin'? Well, fuck you!
This is a gang and I'm in it
My man Dre'll fuck you up in a minute
With a right left, right left, you toothless
And then you say: "Goddamn, they ruthless!"
Everywhere we go they say: "Damn!"
N.W.A's fuckin' up the program
And then you realize we don't care
We don’t just say no, we’re too busy sayin', "Yeah!"
About drinkin' straight out the eight bottle
Do I look like a mothafuckin' role model?
To a kid lookin' up to me
Life ain't nothin' but bitches and money
'Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last
If you fuck with me I’ll put my foot in your ass
See, I don't give a fuck, 'cause I keep bailin'
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin'?
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin'
It's not about a salary, it's all about reality
Gangsta, Gangsta!
Hopin' you sophisticated motherfuckers
Hear what I have to say

When me and my posse stepped in the house
All the punk-ass niggas start breakin' out
'Cause you know, they know what’s up
So we started lookin' for the bitches with the big butts
Like her, but she keep cryin'
"I got a boyfriend"—bitch, stop lyin'!
Dumb-ass hooker ain't nothin' but a dyke
Suddenly I see some niggas that I don't like
Walked over to 'em, and said, "What's up?"
The first nigga that I saw, hit him in the jaw
Ren started stompin' him, and so did E
By that time got rushed by security
Out the door, but we don't quit
Ren said: "Let's start some shit"
I got a shotgun, and here's the plot
Takin' niggas out with a flurry of buck shots
Boom, boom, boom! Yeah, I was gunnin'
And then you look, all you see is niggas runnin'
And fallin' and yellin' and pushin' and screamin'
And cussin', I stepped back and I kept bustin'
And then I realized it's time for me to go
So I stopped, jumped in the vehicle
It's like this, because of that who-ride
N.W.A is wanted for a homicide
'Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last
Fuck with me, I'll put my foot in your ass
See, I don't give a fuck, 'cause I keep bailin'
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin'?
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin'
It's not about a salary, it's all about reality
Gangsta, Gangsta
He'll tell you exactly how he feel
And don't hold a fuckin' thing back

Homies all standin' around, just hangin'
Some dope-dealin', some gang-bangin'
We decide to roll and we deep
See a nigga on Dayton's and we creep
Real slow and before you know
I had my shotgun pointed in the window
He got scared and hit the gas
Right then I knew I had to smoke his ass
He kept rollin', I jumped in the bucket
We couldn't catch him, so I said fuck it
Then we headed right back to the fort
Sweatin' all the bitches in the biker shorts
We didn't get no play from the ladies
With six niggas in a car—are you crazy?
She was scared, and it was showin'
We all said "Fuck you, bitch!" and kept goin'
To the hood, and we was fin to
Find somethin' else to get into
Like some pussy, or in fact
A bum rush, but we call it rat pack
On a nigga for nothin' at all
Ice Cube'll go stupid when I'm full of eight ball
I might stumble, but still won't lose
Now I'm dressed in the county blues
'Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last
If you fuck with me, I'll put my foot in your ass
I don't give a fuck, 'cause I keep bailin'
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin'?
Wait a minute, wait a minute, cut this shit!
Man, what'cha gon' do now?
(What we're gonna do right here is go back)
How far you goin' back? (Way back)
"As we go a lil' somethin' like this"—hit it!

Here's a little gangsta, short in size
A t-shirt and Levi's is his only disguise
Built like a tank, yet hard to hit
Ice Cube and Eazy-E cold runnin' shit

Well, I'm Eazy-E, the one they're talkin' about
Nigga tried to roll the dice and just crapped out
Police tried to roll, so it's time to go
I creeped away real slow and jumped in the six-fo'
With the {diamond in the back, sun-roof top}
Diggin' the scene with the gangsta lean
'Cause I'm the E, I don't slang or bang
I just smoke motherfuckers like it ain't no thang
And all you bitches, you know I'm talkin' to you
"We want to fuck you, Eazy!" I want to fuck you too
Because you see, I don’t really take no shit
So let me tell you motherfuckers who you're fuckin' with
'Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last
If you fuck with me, I'll put a foot in your ass
I don't give a fuck, 'cause I keep bailin'
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin'?

Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin'
It's not about a salary, it's all about reality
Gangsta, Gangsta
He'll fuck up you and yours
And anything that gets in his way
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin'
It's not about a salary, it's all about reality
Gangsta, Gangsta
He'll just call you a low-life motherfucker
And talk about yo' funky ways50EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yo, man, it's a lot of brothers out there flakin' and perpetratin' but scared to kick reality
Man, you've been doin' all this dope producing, you ain't had a chance to show 'em what time it is
So what you want me to do? (Express yourself)

I'm expressing with my full capabilities
And now I'm living in correctional facilities
Cause some don't agree with how I do this
I get straight, meditate like a Buddhist
I'm dropping flavor, my behavior is hereditary
But my technique is very necessary
Blame it on Ice Cube, because he says it gets funky
When you got a subject and a predicate
Add it on a dope beat and that'll make you think
Some suckers just tickle me pink
To my stomach, cause they don't flow like this one
You know what? I won't hesitate to dis one
Or two before I'm through, so don't try to sing this
Some drop science, well I'm dropping English
Even if Yella makes it a cappella
I still express, yo I don't smoke weed or sess
Cause it's known to give a brother brain damage
And brain damage on the mic don't manage nothing
But making a sucker and you equal, don't be another sequel
Express yourself (Ah, ah, ah yeah, ah yeah, ah yeah, ah yeah)
Express yourself (Smoke, smoke)
Come on and do it (Yeah, kick it over here)
Express yourself (Do it, do it, )
Express yourself
Come on and do it

Now, getting back to the PG
That's program, and it's easy
Dre is back, new jacks are made hollow
Expressing ain't their subject because they like to follow
The words, the style, the trend, the records I spin
Again and again and again, yo, you on the other end
Watch a brother saying dope rhymes with no help
There's no fessing and guessing while I'm expressing myself
It's crazy to see people be
What society wants them to be, but not me
Ruthless is the way to go, they know
Others say rhymes that fail to be original
Or they kill where the hip-hop starts
Forget about the ghetto and rap for the pop charts
Some musicians cuss at home
But scared to use profanity when up on the microphone
Yeah, they want reality but you won't hear none
They rather exaggerate a little fiction
Some say no to drugs and take a stand
But after the show they go looking for the dopeman
Or they ban my group from the radio, hear N.W.A and say "Hell no!"
But you know it ain't all about wealth as long as you make a note to...
Express yourself (Yeah, yeah, yeah, )
Express yourself
Come on and do it (Yeah, yeah, do it)
Express yourself (Dr. Dre, Dr. Dre in full effect and N.W.A)
Express yourself
Come on and do it
Express yourself

From the heart cause if you wanna start to move up the chart
Then expression is a big part of it
You ain't efficient when you flow
You ain't swift, moving like a tortoise, full of rigor mortis
There's a little bit more to show
I got rhymes in my mind, embedded like an embryo
Or a lesson, all of 'em expression
And if you start fessing, I got a Smith and Wesson for you
I might ignore your record because it has no bottom
I get loose in the summer, winter, spring and autumn
It's Dre on the mic, getting physical
Doing the job, N.W.A is the lynch mob
Yes, I'm macabre but you know you need this
And the knowledge is growing, just like a fetus
Or a tumor but here's the rumor
Dre is in the neighborhood and he's up to no good
When I start expressing myself, Yella slam it
Cause If I stay funky like this, I'm doing damage
Or I'mma be too hyped and need a straight jacket
I got knowledge and other suckers lack it
So, when you see Dre, a DJ on the mic
Ask what it's like, it's like we getting hype tonight
Cause if I strike, it ain't for your good health
But I won't strike if you just
Express yourself (Yeah, yeah, this record's almost over, almost over, gotta get hyped up)
Express yourself (Do it, do it)
Come on and do it (Do it, do it, do it)
Express yourself (Compton's full of fakes, Compton's full of fakes, yeah)
Express yourself
Come on and do it (Do it, do it, do it)
Express yourself
Come on and do it (That's what she said, what she said)
Come on and do it
Come on and do it58EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
*Knocking on the door*
Yo man what you need?
Yo, uh, man I need something man, I need a twenty, man
Whatchu got, man?
Ey, I got this rope chain, man
Man, this shit look like a gold on the roll shit (What the fuck is that?)
(It's a fuckin dud!)
It's real man
This shit ain't real
(That nigga sellin' that shit again, man?!)
Get the fuck outta here and come back with some money
C'mon man, be cool man
Y'all Mexicans always comin' with this shit
Yo Dre, kick in the bass!

It was once said by a man who couldn't quit
"Dopeman, please can I have another hit?"
The dope man said, "Clucka, I don't give a shit
If your girl kneel down and sucked my dick"
It all happened and the guy tried to choke her
Nigga didn't care, she ain't nothing but a smoker
That's the way it goes, that's the name of the game
Young brother getting over by slanging 'caine
Gold around his neck in 14 k heaven
Bitches jocking on his dick 24-7
Plus he's making money keeping the base heads waiting
Rollin' six four with the fresh ass daytons
Living in Compton, California CA
His uzi up yo ass if he don't get paid
Nigga begging for credit, he's knocking out teeth
Clocking much dollars on the 1st and 15th
Big wad of money, nothing less than a twenty
Yo, you want a five-oh? The dope man's got plenty
To be a dope man, boy, you must qualify
Don't get high off your own supply
From a key to a g it's all about money
10 piece for 10 base, pipe comes free
And people out there are not hip to the fact
If you see somebody getting money for crack, he's the
Dopeman, dopeman!
Hey man give me a hit
Dopeman, dopeman!
Yo man fuck that shit
Dopeman, dopeman!
We just can't quit
Dopeman, dopeman!
Well, suck this bitch!

Wait a minute -- who the fuck are you talking to?
Do you know who the fuck I am?
Man, I can't believe this shit -- this bitch is trying to gank me
I'll slap you up side your head with nine inches of limp dick!

You need a nigga with money so you get a dopeman
Juice that fool for as much as you can
She likes his car and he gets with her
Got a black eye cause the dopeman hit her
Let that slide and you pay it no mind
Find that he's slapping you all the time
But that's okay, cause he's so rich
And you ain't nothing but a dopeman's bitch!
Do what he say and you keep your mouth shut
Popping that trash might get you fucked up
You'll sit and cry if the dope man strikes you
He don't give a fuck - he got two just like you
There's a another girl in the dopeman's life
Not quite a bitch but far from a wife
Sh'es called the strawberry and everybody know
Strawberry, strawberry is the neighborhood ho
Do anything for a hit or two
Give tha bitch a rock, she'll fuck the whole damn crew
It might be your wife and it might make you sick
Come home and see her mouth on the dopeman's dick
Strawberry just look and you'll see her
But don't fuck around or she'll give you gonorrhea
And people out there are not hip to the fact
That Strawberry is a girl selling pussy for crack to the
Dopeman, dopeman!
Hey man give me a hit
Dopeman, dopeman!
Hey yo man fuck that shit
Dopeman, dopeman!
In yo face
Yo Dre, kick in the bass!

If you smoke 'caine, you're a stupid motherfucker
Known around the hood as the schoolyard clucker
Doing that crack with all the money you got
On your hands and knees searching for a piece of rock
Jonesing for a hit and you're looking for more
Done stole a Alpine of out Eazy's 6-4
You need your ass whooped cause it's out of this earth
Can't get a 10 piece need a dolla fifty's worth
Knucklehead nigga, yeah, you turned into a crook
But swear up and down, boy, that you ain't hooked
You beat your friend up and you whooped his ass long
Cause he hit the pipe till the rock was all gone
You're robbing and stealing, bugging and illing
While the dope man's dealing
What is killing your pain, cocaine, this shit's insane
Yo, E, she's a berry, let's run a train
Man, I wouldn't touch that bitch

Me neither; Ho, go home and wash out your beaver
And niggas out there messing up people's health
Yo, what the fuck yo gotta say for yourself?
Well, I'm the dopeman - yeah, boy, wear corduroy
Money up to here but unemployed
You keep smoking that rock and my pocket's getting bigger

Yo, got that five-0 - double up, nigga

Yeah, high rolling, big money I'm folding
Bitch on my tip for the dick I'm holding
Strung strawberry jocking me so early
Ho, you want a hit you gotta get your knees dirty
Well, that's my life that how it's cut

Hey, dopeman!

Bitch, shut the fuck up
Gotta make a run, it's a big money deal
Gankers got the fake but you can get the real from the

Dopeman, dopeman!
Yeah, that's me
Dopeman, dopeman!
Yo, can I get a "g"?
Dopeman, dopeman!
Clock as much as he can
Fuck this shit, who am I?
THE DOPEMAN!

Yo, mister dopeman, you think you're slick
You sold crack to my sister and now she's sick
But if she happens to die because of your drug
I'm putting in your culo a .38 slug!25EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
What the fuck's up, Dre?

You tell me, you talk to Ren

I'm right here nigga
Release the hound

Bow wow wow

I'm a nigga wit an attitude thanks to y'all
And I don't give a fuck I keep it gangsta y'all
I'mma ride for my side in the C.P.T
God bless the memory of Eazy-E
If it wasn't for me where the fuck you'd be
Rapping like the Treacherous Three, fucking cowards
I'd have seen Dre rocking parties for hours
And I'd have seen Ren fucking bitches from Howard
And I'd have seen Snoop give away Eddie Bauer's
So fuck Jerry Heller and the white superpowers

This the shit niggas kill for
They hear the villain niggas spitting with them nigga flows
Fuck you hoes, fuck you bitch-ass niggas too
Got something for you broke
These niggas wearing skirts like the pope
Who them niggas that you love to get
Who them niggas that you fuckin' with
Love to yell that we the shit
The saga continues with the world's most dangerous group
Four deep in the Coupe
I'mma smoke where I wanna smoke, fuck that
I'mma choke who I wanna choke, fuck that
I'mma ride where I wanna ride, fuck that
Cause I'mma nigga for life, so I'mma nigga til I diz-ie
I'mma smoke where I wanna smoke, fuck that
I'mma choke who I wanna choke, fuck that
I'mma ride where I wanna ride, fuck that
Cause I'mma nigga for life, so I'mma nigga til I diz-ie
A pencil, a pen, or a Glock
I'm the original, subliminal, subterranean
Titanium, criminal minded, swift
D-R-E with that fuck a bitch shit
A couple of notes and get you hog-tied in rope
Dope like tons of coke, cut-throat
You don't want the pistols to whistle
Candy paint Impala
I make hoes pop collars

God damn hoes, here we go again
Fucking with Ren, playing to win
He got the Coke and Hen - I got the juice and gin
Same shit you was fucking with way back then
We keep it cracking from the acting to the jacking
G'ed up C'ed up motherfucker blaze the weed up
We all on deck fool so put your heat up
I stay on deck so me don't get wet
Look my nigga, we can scatter like buckshots
Let's get together, make a record, why the fuck not
Why the fuck not

Why the fuck not

Why the fuck not

Cause I'm tight as the night
I had to wipe activator off the mic, in 1985

Real niggas, biatch, you know, ha hah

We cause tragedy, erratically
Systematically in your house without a key
How fucked up that'd be
Gat'll be near your anatomy, my form of flattery
Assault and battery, cause we coming with that street mentality
Straight west coast rider academy
Concrete nigga, that's my reality

We tend to bust on niggas that get mad at me

Was it a bitch in the mix

Well it had to be

Lying tricks told them dicks I had a key
Hoes make the world harder than it have to be

I'mma smoke where I wanna smoke, fuck that
I'mma choke who I wanna choke, fuck that
I'mma ride where I wanna ride, fuck that
Cause I'mma nigga for life, so I'mma nigga til I diz-ie
I'mma smoke where I wanna smoke, fuck that
I'mma choke who I wanna choke, fuck that
I'mma ride where I wanna ride, fuck that
Cause I'mma nigga for life, so I'mma muthafuckin nigga til I diz-ie20EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Let's describe a certain female
A female with a disease of character and attitude
If you will, a snob
However in the view of NWA...

A bitch is a bitch
So if I'm poor or rich
I talk in the exact same pitch
Now the title bitch don't apply to all women
But all women have a little bitch in 'em
It's like a disease that plagues their character
Taking the women of America
And it starts with the letter B
It makes a girl like that think she better than me (bitch)
See, some get mad and some just bear it
But, yo, if the shoe fits wear it
It makes 'em go deaf in the ear that's why
When you say 'hi' she won't say 'hi'
Are you the kind that think you're too damn fly?
Bitch eat shit and die *laughs*
Ice Cube coming at you at a crazy pitch
(Why?) I think a bitch is a bitch

Who the fuck you think you calling a bitch you little sorry motherfucker
I don't know who the fuck you think you talking to
Let me tell you one motherfucking thing, I'm not no-
"Bitch, shut the fuck up"
Yo, you can tell a girl that's out for the money (how?)
She look good and the bitch walk funny (he ain't lying)
She ain't no dummy, she's rather conniving
Yo bitch, fuck what I'm driving (yup)
See a young nigga that's striving (like me)
You're through without a BMW
That's why a bitch is a bitch I guess
Or either P-M-S
Here, test the girl that's kinda snobby (alright)
And I bet you dissing niggas is her hobby
And after she finished the test
Grade today of B-I-T-C-H
And watch her get mad 'cause she know it's true (she know it)
But a nigga like me'll say "fuck you" *laughs*
Do like Ice Cube, slam her ass in a ditch (word) (slam her ass)
'Cause a bitch is a bitch

"Why I gotta be a bitch?"
I ain't call you no bitch, if you listen to the goddamn song it'd tell you what a bitch is...
"Fuck the song 'cause I'm not no motherfucking bitch"
I didn't say you was a bitch, if you stop acting like a goddamn bitch
"Fuck you, little punk-ass little nigga"
Fuck you, bitch! You sloppy-ass, scandalous-ass ho!
"Fuck you! Who the fuck you think you are?"
Fuck you! Suck my dick, bitch! You scandalous-ass, doo-doo dog breath, stinking, ugly...
I once knew a bitch who got slapped
'Cause she played me like she was all that
A bitch can be your best friend talking behind your back (yeah?)
About who's fucking who and who's getting fat
Look at yourself for me (look, bitch)
Now do you fall in this category?
Or you the kind that won't blink
'Cause you don't think your shit stink *laughs*
Lucky I haven't had a drink
'Cause I'd down your ass
Then I'd clown your ass
'Cause the niggas I hang with ain't rich
We'll all say "Fuck you bitch!" (word)
Now what can I do with a ho like you
Bend your ass over and then I'm through (get the fuck out)
'Cause you see Ice Cube ain't taking no shit
(Why?) 'Cause I think a bitch is a bitch

There you have it, the description of a bitch
Now ask yourself are they talking about you?
Are you that funky, dirty, money-hungry, scandalous, stuck-up, hair piece contact wearing bitch?
Yep, you probably are
Bitch!16EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yo, what’s up niggas and niggettes?
N.W.A is back in this motherfucker
And this is only the single
Wait until the motherfucking album comes out
We gone have some more of that good shit
The shit you just can’t fuck with
But yo, we ain’t finished, tell ‘em what’s up man
Yo man, there’s a gang of motherfuckers out there on the dick, man
In every motherfuckin' state
Wanna be like, wanna look like, wanna act like
Wanna dress like, wanna sound like muthafuckin' style stealin'
Clone ass N.W.A bitin' ass motherfuckin' everywhere man
Non-reality seein', non-reality feelin'
Non-reality livin' ass motherfuckers man
Hey, I don’t know, reality, it’s important to me, man
So fellas man, tell these niggas what it’s like in the minds of real niggas

Prisoner like a hostage
Yo, you should of covered your muthafucking head like an ostrich
Deep in the dirt cause you's a sucker
And you ass up high so I can kick the muthafucker
Don’t try to hang, you best avoid
Cause my foot will be so far up your ass you’ll get hemorrhoids
Before you try to fuck wit Ren
I'll put two in your ass and you'll be shitting a size 10
First come, first serve, whoever's got the nerve
Step up and get what you deserve
From the word of a muthafucking hip-hop maniac
Brainiac, so what you oughta do is step the fuck back
Now how the fuck you think a rap will last?
Wit your ass saying shit that is said in the past
Yo, be original, your shit is sloppy
Get off the dick you muthafucking carbon copy

Falling deep in the drums so many of styles
Is one of the reasons a nigga ran a hundred miles
Cheating and now beating, the crowd I kept seating
But weak muthafuckas biting off and they kept eating
Styles that kept them full of bull
Cause the vocals were local in nightclubs and not getting paid in full
They got the nerve to cuss
Only reason niggas pick up your record is cause they thought it was us

Yo, giving what I gotta give, doing what I gotta do
You don't care for me, so who gives a fuck about you?
You can't harm me, alarm me
Cause we're the generals in this fucking hip-hop army
The niggas wit attitudes if you didn't know
We blow, flow and getting loose slow from the get go, yo
Try us and take it
Yo, fuck this shit, Yella, kick the break in
It's the real thing, you are now real, real niggas, niggas

You can run, but you can’t hide, you know I'mma find'cha
Cause a nigga like Ren's only 2 steps behind'cha
Don’t look back because you’re shaking and all scared
A nigga in black can be your scariest nightmare
So sleep wit the lights on, forget that the mic's on
Don't step on my muthafucking stage without nike's on
Don’t say it’s psycho and then you just might go
Mentally fucked up when I let the right blow

All these niggas wit the jibber jabber
But couldn't kill a fly wit a muthafucking sledge hammer
Gangstas in black are out there
But only because, yo, it’s the shit that we wear
On my muthafucking dick
But I'mma love it when you drop like a muthafucking brick
So, yo, step off, go to bed, cause if you're mislead
You get a muthafucking bullet in your forehead
Black, the good, the bad, the ugly, you see
A little streetwise nigga, you know me
Rolling wit some real niggas playing for keeps
But you muthafuckas know who run the streets
Wit that hardcore hip-hop rap shit
Now how much harder can another nigga get?
Trying to be like us, sound like us, dress like us
Ashes to ashes and dust to dust
So nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, please
Since you're on the dick why don't you drop to your knees
Cause I'm a muthafucka that's out to kill
Eazy-E, a nigga that's real
Real niggas, straight off the streets of Compton
Quick to get in your shit without second thought
And if your ass get smoked, it's my bullet you caught
So if you're talking shit about the niggas in black
Bow down to the Kings in Raider hats

They played out, that's what niggas were chanting
One nigga left and they said we ain't having it
People had thought we was finished and then done wit
But if you think about it, yo, we really ain't done shit
Yet, so cover your ears and wipe your tears
And quit sniffing all over my dick for new ideas
And when the new record comes, I’ll come like a fucking bomb
Asking for fucking money, don't buy you a fucking crumb
You're on the dicks of four niggas not one
And when it comes to dicks, you don't even have one
So brace yourself to make sure you don't get fucked up
Cause if I let you slide, it’s just cause you lucked up
Don’t come in my face again, because I'mma floor ya
And if you're a bitch, I'm a fucking ignore ya
Because my attitude's a little bigga
Cause MC Ren is one of the real niggas

Lost in a muthafucking world of madness
Sadness, but Dre is just a nigga that glad there's
Sucka muthafuckas like you, making wack jams
Because it only shows you how dope I am
Never try to ignore us
When I'm expressing, stand still like you're full of rigor mortis
Cause I'm a real nigga, but I guess you figure
You can break me, take me, but watch me pull the trigger
Dre is just a nigga with heart, a nigga that’s smart
A nigga that’s paid to say what others are scared to play
We started out wit too much cargo
So I'm glad we got rid of Benedict Arnold
Yo, N.W.A, criticize for what we say
But I'm a do the shit anyway
Cause I'm the muthafucking doctor, never faking
Yo, Yella, kick the muthafucking break in

N.W.A, straight outta muthafucking Compton
Taking over shit in all of the 1990's
Yo, Dr. Dre, DJ Yella, Eazy-E
And I am MC Ren, yo, N.W.A taking over this muthafucka y'all13EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
I got a taste for waste and a taste and a blood
Murder I heard her when she screamed the "Drop!"
'Cause her son caught the slug
Relate this to no choice
And listen to this straight-up man before they ban the voice
While I rhyme to the rhythm of a pop
Remember the first nigga to run is the first to get shot
Whoever said that what I say and portray is negativity
Need to come kick it in the city with me
And find the black and crack the fact
And take that shit back
Cause they don't wanna fuck with that
There's too many niggas they're trying to calm
If motherfuckers could get it, nobody would've fucked with it
Appetite for Destruction
For him to get a bit more shit he gotta commit
Murder in the first degree and manslaughter
Taking the life of his wife and young daughter
A whole city of bitches that look sucked up
And the niggas is killing, it's straight fucked up
Whoever saying what I'm saying's for greed
Then I ain't even what they're trying to feed
My appetite for destruction

"You guys know who I'm talking to"
The appetite is tremendous, so I'm gonna spin this
Drop up some violence cause they asked me to end this
Some trouble that I caught cause I was noisy
A nigga tried to take advantage because of the kamikaze
He took a swing for my head, thought I was faded
Started running for the door but the fucker never made it
The sound of the nine went "Bang!"
And all over the wall was his motherfucking brain
Cause I'm a nigga you can't sleep on
So set the alarm cause I hit like a motherfucking bomb
I do damage with the nine in my hand
But the average nigga that don’t know me don’t understand
I'm from the streets, so therefore
You know I don't care for a sucker that ain't down
With the real niggas, the niggas, the niggas
Yo, and that's the way shit gotta go ain't even sober
Any time that the nine wanna leave
I got a .38 hidden up the sleeve
And it's ready to go to war 'cause that's what it's here for
I shoot down a million niggas and shoot one more
And that's the million and one, they couldn't hang with the appetite, 'cause they wasn't rapping right
So I had to destroy whoever was standing in my presence
For fucking up the essence
Appetite for Destruction
"Cops put a hurting on your ass, man
You know, they really degrade you
White folks don't believe that shit
They don't believe that cops degrade you
 Oh come on, those people, those people are resisting arrest."

Check it out, y'all, in the house, y'all
So I can show and flow and let the people know
So won't you ease on down to the yellow brick road
To Compton, but first let me tell you something
I possess the Ten Commandments of the hip-hop thugsta
Known as the thief and murderer
First One: Honor thy nigga with an attitude
Gotta get respect or break your motherfucking neck
Second One: Always gotta fuck out of wedlock
I like it when the pussy go snap, crackle and pop
Number Three: I'm a gangsta fanatic
I smoke any fools tryna 'cause some static
Number Four: Here's what's in store
A crazy-ass nigga that remains hardcore
Fifth One: My killing has begun
I pull out my gun, that'll keep me on the run
Step Six: Hmmm, it's kinda tricky
Can't forget that I'm motherfucking chicken-shit
To the ones who tries to play the E
By the time you get to seven, you'll be six feet deep
Number Eight: Make no mistake
Move real sneaky and you're bound to catch your prey
Ninth One: I gotta be raw
Fuck any brainwashing man-made law
Last but not least, I must be real
Number Ten: is my appetite to kill22EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Catch those motherfuckers, catch them, catch them
Hey man, keep up keep up, this way, come on man, hurry up
You don't really think you're gonna get away, do you?
We haven't spotted them yet. But they're somewhere in the immediate vicinity

A 100 miles and runnin' -  MC Ren, I hold the gun and
You want me to kill a mutherfucker and it's done in
Since I'm stereotyped to kill and destruct -
Is one of the main reasons I don't give a fuck
Chances are usually not good
'Cause I'm frisked with my hands on a hot hood
And gettin' jacked by the you-know-who
When in a black and white the capacity is two
We're not alone, we're three more brothers, I mean street-brothers
Not wearing medallions, 'cause we're not stupid, mutherfuckers
They're out to take our heads for what we said in the past
Point blank, they can kiss my black ass
I didn't stutter when I said "Fuck Tha Police"
'Cause it's hard for a nigga to get peace
Now it's broken and can't be fixed
'Cause police and little black niggas don't mix so
Now I'm creepin' through the fall
Runnin' like a G, we'll see, I might have slayed y'all
So for now pack the gun and
Hold it in the air 'cause MC Ren has a 100 miles of runnin'
In today's news. Four fugitives are on the run
FBI sources tell us that the four are headed
100 miles to their home base, Compton

Lend me a mutherfuckin' ear
So I can tell you why
Runnin' with my brothers, headed for the homebase
With a steady pace on the face that just reads race
The road ahead goes on and on
The shit is gettin' longer than the mutherfuckin' marathon
Runnin' on but never runnin' out
Stayin' wired and if I get tired, I can still try out
Hitchhikin' if that's what it gotta do
But nobody's pickin' up a Nigga Witta Attitude
Confused, yo but Dre's a nigga with nuthin' to lose
One of the few who's been accused and abused
Of the crime of poisonin' young minds
But you don't know shit til you been in my shoes
And Dre is back from the C-P-T
Droppin' some shit that's D-O-P-E
So fuck the P-O-L-I-C-E!
And any mutherfucker that disagrees
Stuck and runnin' hard, hauling ass
'Cause I been a nigga known for havin' a notorious past
My mind was slick - my temper was too quick
Now the FBI's all over my dick
Got the stick and runnin' just to find the gun that started the clock
That's when the E jumped off the startin' block
A 100 miles from home and, yo, it's a long stretch
A little sprintin' mutherfucker that they won't catch
Yeah, back to Compton again
Yo, it's either that or the Federal pen
'Cause niggas been runnin' since beginning of time
Takin' a minute to tell you what's on my mutherfuckin' mind
Runnin' like I just don't care
Compton's 50 miles but, yo, I'mma get there
Archin' my back and on a straight route
Just like Carl Lewis I'm ballin' the fuck out
From city to city I'm a menace as I pass by
Rippin' up shit just so you can remember I'm
A straight up nigga that's done in, gunnin' and comin'
Straight at yo ass, a 100 miles and runnin'

This one goes out to the four brothers from Compton
You're almost there, but the FBI has a little message for you:
Nowhere to run to, baby. Nowhere to hide
Good luck brothers

Runnin' like a nigga I hate to lose
Show me on the news but I hate to be abused
I know it was a set-up - So now I'm gonna get up
Even if the FBI wants me to shut up
But I've got 10 000 niggas strong
They got everybody singin' my "Fuck Tha Police" song
And while they treat my group like dirt
Their whole fuckin' family is wearin' our T-shirts
So I'mma run 'til I can't run no more
'Cause it's time for MC Ren to settle the score
I got a urge to kick down doors
At my grave like a slave even if the Ren calls
Clouds are dark and brothers are hidin'
Dick-tricklin' at the sunny mutherfucker's are ridin'
Started with five and, yo, one couldn't take it
So now there's four 'cause the fifth couldn't make it
The number's even - now I'm leavin'
We're never gettin' took by a bitch with a weave in
Her and the troops are right behind me
But they're so fuckin' stupid, they'll never find me

One more mile to go through the dark streets
Runnin' like a mutherfucker on my own two feet
But you know I never stumble or lag last
I'm almost home so I better haul ass
Tearin' up everything in sight
It's a little crazy mutherfucker dodging the searchlight
Now that chase, the shit, is done and
Four mutherfuckers goin' crazy with
A 100 miles of runnin'!
Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Surprise, niggas!10EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Ninteen-ninety-mothafucking-one
N.W.A back in this mothafucker, yo
Takin' out all you commercialized-ass niggas
And we're on this laid back track
And we're doin' this one kinda smooth
So whatcha gonna do, Dre? - Kick it!

And so on, let the shit flow on
Because I need somethin' to go off on
The mothafuckin' D-R-E servin' a death wish
So I'mma hit you like this
Early in the morning, hop into the B-en-z
I got 44 ways of gettin' paid
Sittin' in my lap as I roll off the Compton blocks
To scoop up Ren, I heard shots
1, 2, 3, then I seen a nigga
Hoppin' the fence and it was Ren on the mothafuckin' trigger
He got in the Benz and said
"Dre, I was speakin' to yo' bitch O'Shea”
And as we roll on, I seen the patroller creep
So we got ghost before they peeped
Me and Ren in a black CE, yo
Bumpin' some funky shit by the D.O.C
I gotta get paid, paid in a hurry, see
I got a have it if I'm not paid thoroughly
I start takin', makin' sure my shit is steady bumpin'
A nigga always into somethin'
Ba-ba-ba-ba! Fuck the mothafuckin' police cause they push that black man down and they kick him in his mothafuckin' balls. Goddamn police, fuck them! Come down, MC Ren

I heard a dope beat, somebody told me that Buck did it
But if Dre didn't do it I can't fuck with it
N.W.A is like a mix a fix a trix
Real niggas with big dicks
You're takin' a chance when you think that
Talkin' under your breath won't lead to young death
Fuckin' up shit, ain’t shit but a killin'
For a nigga labeled as bein' a mothafuckin' villain
But you don't know me, a record can't tell ya
How so many prayed I'd be a mothafuckin' failure
Real niggas gotta have top rankin'
I hooked up with three more niggas and started makin'
Funky-ass shit for your system
Might sound nice so it makes you wanna listen to a
Sample of a ruthless organization
But you don't want a confrontation
Real niggas don't play
Yella, Eazy, me, and the nigga nigga Dre
Yo, always makin' sure that my shit is steady bumpin'
A nigga always into somethin'

Boom-boom! Look at that bitch walking down the mothafuckin' street
Now she know the Admiral wanna hold my dick in
Because that bitch’s booty is so na-na-na-na-na-na-nasty
Yeah, the world's most dangerous group
Definitely in this mothafucka
Sendin' a shout-out to all the bitches out there
Yo, you can get the pick up to suck a dick up 'til you hiccup
You know what I'm sayin'

Yo, cause I'm a nigga for life
And I really don't give a fuck
I'm goin' for mine, every time
I see a fuckin' softy, punk strong as coffee
A nigga like that best to back up off me
Yo, cause these are the days and the times of the real niggas
False niggas, end up as tossed niggas
And that's on the real, cause I'm a nigga that kills
Again and again, so tell 'em what's up Ren

If I'm not into nothin', I don't feel right
So I grab the nine and the clip and go and murder mothafuckas at night
Because I'm startin' to fiend, from sittin' in a cell
Where the crime was too tragic I couldn't make bail
So now they gotta hold me
And listen to rehabilitation over and over, sayin' they told me
But I don't give a fuck cuz I know my shit is pumpin'
A nigga always into somethin'
1991 and N.W.A get the job done
Admiral Dancehall gonna sing this little tale 'bout a girl that's quick fi lick me dick, it goes something like this....
Da girl quick fi lickin' me dick, da girl quick fi lickin' me dick
Da girl quick fi lickin' me dick, she got a dirty habit
Di gyal fi wicked ah wiley
Gyal fi wicked ah wiley
Wicked ah wicked ah wicked
Ah gyal fi wicked ah wicked
Because the Admiral Dance
I come and announce
My name is Admiral D. y’all
Rastafari had to get up on sound ja
Doctor Dre, a he mon tha masta
MC Ren even him come kinda fasta
Here come Yella wit tha wickedy wickedy wax
Wickedy wickedy wax
W-wickedy wickedy scratch-a
That’s why the Admiral
Me lyrics dem ah taught
Everyone-a
NWA is in tha house
Is in tha house
Is in tha house-a
A listen up cu' we in tha house
Could ya
Up up
Listen up up
Uh, up up
Just listen up up
Because…
Rem? Dance every lady love me
Could ya, every lady come and-a run gets me
Because me singin' on the NWA album
That’s why me singin' up on the NWA album, gal6EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Lesson 2: Gently place the balls into the mouth and...
Hummmmmmmmm...
Get it all baby
Get it all baby
Get it all baby
(What you want me to do with it?)
Don't matter just don't bite it
("She swallowed it")
Suck this dick for daddy
("She swallowed it")
Juicin' at the lips
("She swallowed it")
It's the world's biggest dick
(What do you want me to do with it?)
Don't matter just don't bite it
Yeah

Slow is the tempo - now talkin' but a nympho
So peep it out here goes the info
This is a bitch that did the whole crew
She get it so much we make bets on who the ho would love to go through
And for the shit that she does, give her a drum roll
Because the dumb bitch licks out the asshole
And she'll let you videotape her
And if you got a gang of niggas, the bitch would let you rape her
She likes suckin' on dicks, and lickin' up nut
And they even take the broomstick up the butt
Just to say that she did it with a rapper
But the pussy was more fishy than red snapper
"But how many licks would it take," she asks
"To make MC Ren start gooshin' up vanilla shakes?"
She took her tongue out her mouth, put it on top
Like a cherry, started movin' it like a snake and it was very irresistible
I couldn't pay the bitch to quit
Cuz the ho' was doin' some ol' crazy shit
That made me start havin' a fit'
Cuz the bitch sucked a hellified dick 
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
(What do you want me to do with it?)
Don't matter just don't bite it
("She swallowed it")
Yeah (Get it all baby)

Now one night I was at a drive-in
And a car full of niggas straight drove in
I thought they wuz commin' to start trouble but no
Five niggas in the bucket with the neighborhood ho'
Now what do you expect they're gonna dog her like a doggy
Thirty minutes later and the windows all were foggy
And I'm off in my car havin' a fit cuz the bitch that I'm with
Said no fuckin' on the first date, shit
And I'm like Damn! I wish I was in the bucket
To be the sixth nigga with the ho' and I can fuck it
So I told the bitch I was with that I'm goin' to the snack bar
And got the fuck out the car
Went to the bucket and I looked through the window
It was some niggas that I knew they let me in yo
And my turn was like next
I couldn't see her face, all I saw was her pussy and her chest
I wanted to see the face, I felt I oughta
Peep over the seat, Oh shit! It's the preacher's daughter!
And she's only 14 and a ho'
But the bitch sucks dick like a specialized pro
She looked at me, I was surprised
But wasn't passin' up the chance of my dick gettin' baptized
I told the bitch to do it quick
You little ho' hurry up and suck my dick!
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
(What do you want me to do with it?)
Don't matter just don't bite it
("She swallowed it")
Yeah (Get it all baby)

Now I'm a break it down with a fact
Since the last "Just don't bite it" girls don't know how to act
Sayin' that they never would suck a dick
But when they've tried it they couldn't quit
Cuz ninety percent of the bitches today they love that shit
And those are the main ones that say they don't do it
But MC Ren knows the bitches are used to it
So fellas, next time they try to tell a lie
That they never suck a dick, punch a bitch in the eye
And then the ho' will fall to the ground
Then you'll open up her mouth
Put your dick in and move the shit around
And she'll catch on and start doin' it on her own
Actin' like she's tryin' to suck the meat off a chicken bone
And then she won't let go
Because bitches suck nut out of a dick just like Drano
Get the last drop, unclogging the pipe
Then the stupid bitch is out doing that same shit the next night
Because she just can't quit
Cuz she's addicted, addicted
She's addicted, addicted
She's addicted to suck a good dick
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
(What do you want me to do with it?)
Don't matter just don't bite it
("She swallowed it")
Yeah (Get it all baby)
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
(What do you want me to do with it?)
Don't matter just don't bite it
("She swallowed it")
Yeah (Get it all baby)2EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Ain't that kinda shit you can sweep under no rug, you know?

Ren is the villain and you're just an hostage
So whenever I'm steppin' cover your head like an ostrich
Groupies been waitin' for this, suckers been hatin for this
You know why? Because so many are relatin' to this
Jealous is how they feel it intentionally
But they start to love it because I made it eventually
Pumpin' the music I keep the music like pumpin'
Cause Ren ain't in here for nothin', I keep the average crowd jumpin'
Yo, you know the color, the villain's in black
Always down to make noise, and attack
So you better get back unless you wanna come with it
And make your face like a target and close your eyes when I hit it
You're screamin' with fear but it's with fear that you're screamin'
You're wakin up in a sweat cause Ren is givin' bad dreams and
I'm not schemin', I'm just tellin the facts
That's how it is when N.W.A. starts to jack
So brothers that wanna scrap with me
That sweezin' and sneezin' will have to lap with me
Especially beggin' to write some lyrics with me
I just snatch your girl to take a nap with me
Cause when it comes to Ren there's no comparison
And if you try to be me, it's quite embarrassin'
But I understand cause you're mentally slow
Cause I can tell from the jump you're too nervous to go
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me
The gangsta's black and he's about to attack
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me
Lemme bust a freestyle there - (Alright bet)

I can tell that you're afraid to fight me
Simple because you lost the crowd and they had to invite me
Because your sweat is a puddle but there's a puddle o' sweat
I'm a threat, so get a cold rag and wipe your neck
And clean the dirt off your face that causes acne
It's ridiculous thinkin' that you can jack me
This is the round where the punch will go
Into your H-E-A-D; that's known as a blow
I'm makin a point but it's a point that I'm makin
Like, see, I'm hatin' the fakin' I keep the suckers like shakin'
Scared to speak with a thought when they're chosen
The sound of my voice in their ear and they're frozen
This is a battle to the death, it's like the same ol'
Against a brother on a tip, with a Kangol
Givin' a pain but it's with pain that I'm givin
But I'm comparin' and tearin' em but I'm makin a livin'
With the hype of a nine volt battery
And the odds for me to conquer is averagely good
Meanin' I'mma flow
I'm from the streets so, yo, I'm ready to go
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me (Yo Ren)
The gangsta's black and he's about to attack
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me
Man whatcha gonna do now? - *Get funky*

The 'do not disturb' sign is in effect
While I'm thinkin of a fool to select
To give the victim the verdict so for the verdict a victim
Slammin' my vocals on a dance with the rest then I kick them
Tell 'em they're guilty, and peep out the bailer
And get a new track o' drums so I can play with
Percussion, pumpin' it loud when I perform
Yo, you wanna play in my game, put on a uniform
It ain't a rule in the book you have to go by
Hey, cause when it comes to cheatin', yo, you should know I
For fear in the hearts cause it's the hearts full of fear
Coz what you hear in your ear is something funky and clear
The Hulk was incredible yo but Ren he was super
But now I'm ruthless, a civilian and not a trooper
But a soldier with a top rankin
Givin' dope material, the hell with the gankin'
So play like an airplane and just jet
And keep your blood pressure low cause I'm a threat, if not
I'm afraid of the show
That you're a sucker and you're too nervous to go
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me (Yo Ren)
The gangsta's black and he's about to attack
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me (Yo Ren)
The gangsta's black
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me
The gangsta's black and he's about to attack
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me (Yo Ren)
The gangsta's black
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me
The gangsta's black and he's about to attack
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me (Yo Ren)
The gangsta's black
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me12EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Ice Cube, do you think you could give me some money to get my hair done?
What's wrong with your hair right now?
Well you know I get it done every week, and I need my nails done too
Look, I'mma tell you like this

I ain't the one, the one to get played like a pooh butt
See I'm from the street, so I know what's up
On these silly games that's played by the women
I'm only happy when I'm goin up in 'em
But you know, I'm a menace to society
But girls in biker shorts are so fly to me
So I step to 'em, with aggression
Listen to the kid, and learn a lesson today
See, they think we narrow minded
'Cause they got a cute face, and big-behinded
So I walk over and say "How ya doin'?"
See, I'm only down for screwin', but you know
Ya gotta play it off cool
'Cause if they catch you slipping, you'll get schooled
And they'll get you for your money, son
Next thing you know you're getting their hair and they nails done
Fool, and they'll let you show 'em off
But when it comes to sex, they got a bad cough
Or a headache, it's all give and no take
Run out of money, and watch your heart break
They'll drop you like a bad habit
'Cause a brother with money yo, they gotta have it
Messing with me though, they gets none
You can't juice Ice Cube, girl, 'cause I ain't the one
Girrrrrl, you got to get these brothers for all the money you can honey. 'Cause if they ain't got no money, they can't do nothin' for me but get out of my face
I know what you mean, girl; it ain't nothin' right jumpin' off unless he got dollars!

Sometimes I used to wonder
How the hell an ugly dude get a fine girl's number
He's getting juiced for his ducats
I tell a girl in a minute yo, I drive a bucket
And won't think nuttin' of it
She can ride or walk, either leave it or love it
I show her that I'm not the O, the N-E, say
I'm a ruthless N-I double-G A
'Cause I'm gamin' on a female that's gamin' on me
You know I spell girl with a B
A brother like me is only out for one thing
I think with my ding-a-ling, but I won't bring no
Flowers to your doorstep, when we goin' out
'Cause you'll take it for granted, no doubt
And after the date, I'mma want to do the wild thing
You want lobster? Huh! I'm thinking Burger King
And when I take you, you get frustrated
You can't juice Ice Cube and you hate it
But you see, I don't go nuts
Over girls like you with the BIG ol butts
It start comin' out the pocket, to knock it
But when the damage is done
You can only lay me girl, you can't play me girl
For the simple fact that, I ain't the one
I don't care how they look; if they got money, we can hook up but they ain't gettin' none
Yeah, I just make em think they gonna get some, play with they mind a lil bit, and get that money. Oh Ice Cube, can I have some money pleeeease?

Give you money? Why bother?
'Cause you know I'm looking nothing like your father
Girl, I can't be played or ganked
Ganked means getting took for your bank
Or your gold or your money or something
Nine times outta ten, she's giving up nothing
They get mad when I put it in perspective
But let's see if my knowledge is effective
To the brothas man they robbing you blind
'Cause they fine with a big behind, but pay it no mind
Keep your money to yourself, homie
And if you got enough game
You'll get her name and her number
Without going under
You can't leave 'em and love and stay above 'em
I used to get no play; now she stay behind me
'Cause I said I had a Benz 190
But I lied and played the one
Just to get some; now she feels dumb
To my homies it's funny
But that's what you get trying to play me for my money
Now don't you feel used?
But I don't give a hoot, huh, because I knock boots
You shouldn't be, so damn material
And try to milk Ice Cube like cereal
Now how many times do I have to say it?
'Cause if I have to go get a gun
You girls will learn I don't burn
You think I'm a sucka, but I ain't the one
But you said you love me!
I don't see no rings on this finger
Why you doin' me like this? I love you!
Yeah, you love my money; I got what I wanted -- beat it!13EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
(Kick that shit)
(Cold kicking ass)
Cold kicking ass
Cold kicking ass
(Funky fresh Eazy-E)
(Pull up a chair and I'ma tear shit up)

I don't drink brass monkey, like the beat funky
Nickname Eazy-E, yo' 8 ball junkie
Bass drum kicking to show my shit
Rapper holdin' my dick, boy, I don't quit
And if ain't rap, then you know it's crap
Crowd rocking sucka stomper from around the way
I got a six-shooter, yo, mean hombre
E rolling out, to find the Boyz
To kick dust and cuss, crank up some noise
Police on my tail, I don't like jail
40 ounce in my lap and and it's cold as hell
Hook a right turn and let the boys go past
Then I say to myself, they can kiss my ass
Hip to get drunk got the eight in my lips
Put in the old tape Marvin Gaye's Greatest Hits
Turn the shit up had the bass cold whomping
Cruising through the Eastside, South of Compton
See a big ass, and I say word
I took a look at her face, and the bitch was to the curb
But she was on my tip for the title I'm holding
Eazy-E's getting busy got the 8-ball rolling
I, was...cold kicking ass
I, was...raised in L.A
I, was...cruising down the street in my six-four
Too much posse

Riding on Slausson, looking for Crenshaw
Turned down the sounds, to ditch the law
Stopped at a light and  had a fit
Cause a Mexican almost wrecked my shit
Flipped his ass off put it to the floor
Bottle was empty so I went to the store
Nigga on tip cause I was drunk
See a sissy ass punk, had to go in my trunk
Reached inside cause it's like that
Came back out with a silver gat
Fired at the punk and it was all because
I had to show the nigga what time it was
Pulled out the jammy and like a mirage
A sissy like that got out of Dodge
Sucka on me cause the title I'm holding
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 Ball rolling
Fuck it up, y'all
Fuck it up, y'all
Fuck it up, y'all
Fuck it up, y'all
Fuck it up, y'all
Fuck it up, y'all
Yeah
Olde English 800, because that's my brand
Take it in a bottle, forty, quart or can
Drink it like a madman, yes I do
Fuck the police and a 502
Stepped in the party, I was drunk as hell
Three bitches already said, "Eric yo' breath smells!"
40 ounce in hand that's what I got
Yo man you see Eazy hurling in the parking lot
Stepped on your foot cold dissed your ho
Asked her to dance and she said, "Hell no"
Called her a bitch because that's the rule
Boyz-n-the hood trying to keep me cool
Tell my homeboy you wanna kick my butt
I walked in your face and we get em up
I started dropping the dogs, and watch you fold
Just dumb full of cum got knocked out cold
"Make you look sick you snotty nosed prick!
Now your fly bitches all over his dick!"
Punk got dropped cause the title I'm holding
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rolling

Yo, pass the brew Ren while I tear shit up
And y'all listen up close to roll call
Eazy-E's in the place I got money and juice
Ron-De-Vu's with me and we make the deuce
Dre makes the beats so funk funk funky
Do the Olde 8, forget the brass monkey
Ice Cube writes the rhymes, that I say
Hail to the niggas from C.I.A
Krazy D is down and in effect
We make hardcore jams, so fuck respect
Make a toast all you punk to the title I'm holding
Eazy-E's breaking out and got the 8-ball rolling
Man I'm outta here
Yo Eazy, you forgot to tell em what city you chill in
In the city (city of Compton)
In the city (city of Compton)
City City City of Compton
City City City of Compton
City City City of Compton
City City City of Compton
City City City of Compton10EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
One, two, three, kick it

Aiyyo Dre, what's goin' on man? What's goin' on?
Ay what ch'all gonna do for this last record?
Nah tell me what cha'all gonna do?
Okay, you want me to do the intro? Aight!

Parental discretion is advised for the moment
While I'm getting candid, now understand it
Ain't too typical in any way, though the pro
On the mic is the D.O. to the C., this is an intro
I know The D.O.C. makes you want to take a Valium
So buy a bucket cause upcoming is my album
And for the record, meaning my record, check it
Listen to the single and you'll be like, yo, I gotta get it
But in the meantime, listen to the rhyme
Of the Dr. Dre played with N.W.A
Yella's on the drum roll, rocking the beat
Aiyyo Dre, where's you gonna take this shit man?

Aiyyo, let's take it to the street (WORD UP!)
Let 'em understand perfection
Let knowledge be the tool for suckers to stop guessing
Cause I don't give a fuck about radio play
Observe the English I display
Lyrics for the adults, children have been barred
And scarred from listening to something so motherfucking hard
Dope, pumping that's so my shit will never falter
Yo it's Dre so fuck the "Mind of Minolta"
Psycho like no other motherfucker
So step to me wrong, G-O for what you N-O
But be warned, never will I leave like a regular
Cause I'm a little better than the regular competitor
I use to see 'em on stage
Earning money like a thief, but without a gauge
Until I got full, of clocking the lame getting pull
(They said you wasn't gon' get paid)
Nah that's bullshit! They like it stylistic
And I enchant the crowd like I'm a mystic
(C-C-C-C) C-C-C-cameras are flashing when I'm in action
A photo, or fresh with a flair for fashion
Pure simplicity -- see, it's elementary
You hear one of the hardest motherfuckers this century
Try to comprise a word to the wise and the guys
Parental discretion is advised
Ren is most extremely high performance
The black hat cause I worn this, cause it's like enormous
Some shit I don't take it, not even in a toilet
And shit from a sucker, put in a pot and I'll boil it
Turn up the pilot as it burns
And maybe the motherfuckers will learn
I'm not a sub, cause I speak sensible
Not considered a prince, cause I'm a principal
I'm engineering the shit that you're hearing
Cause when it comes to power, I'm power steering
Silly you say, I say you're silly when you say it
Rushing to the eject, to put my shit in and play it
It's like Apollo, but I'm not an amateur
And I'm not giving a fuck while I'm damaging ya
It's for the record; so Ren's lyrics is gonna spin it
And if there was a trophy involved, I'd win it
Possession is mine and I'm the holder
Cause a nigga like Ren don't give a fuck cause I'm older
So for you to step off would be wise
And say fuck it, parental discretion is advised

I be what is known as a bandit
You gotta hand it to me when you truly understand it
Cause if you fail to see, read it in Braille
It'll still be funky -- so what's next is the flex
Of a genius, my rapid-stutter-stepping if you seen this
Dope, you hope that I don't really mean this
But if Play made a greater high-top fade
It's not my trademark when I get loose in the dark
You guess it was a test of a different style
It's just another motherfucker on the pile
Driving your ass with the flow of the tongue
You hung yourself shortly after knowledge was brung
To your attention, by the hardest motherfucking artist
That is known for lynching any sucker in a minute
Stagger 'em all
When I start flowing like Niagara Falls
Ice Cube is equipped to rip shit in a battle
Move like a snake when I'm mad; and then my tail rattle
I get low on the flow so let your kids know
When I bust, parental discretion is a must
Little did they know that I would be arriving
And it's surprising, rocking it from where I been
But it's the E here to take, no mistake to be made
In the trade where funky ass records are being played
Fuck the regular, yo as I get better the
Bitches wanna trick and go stupid up on the dick
So I get 'em hot, thinking they're gonna get it
As they sit, rubbing their legs like a cricket
To you it may be funny, but
There's no service of beef without money
So slip the C-note, and you can choke
On a wing-ding-ding-a-ling down your throat
Foreplay to me ain't shit
When you spread 'em I'm ready, then you can get the dick
Of the Eaz, if you can deal with the size
But if you can't, parental discretion's advised!

Shut the fuck up!11EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
"Kick that shit!"
{*scratched*} "City of Compton!"
{*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*echoes*}
"Cold kickin ass" {*scratch*} "cold kickin ass" {*scratch*}
"Cold kickin ass" {*scratch*} "Kick that shit!"
"Pull up a chair..." {*echoes*}

I don't drink brass monkey, like the beat funky
Nickname Eazy-E, yo' 8 ball junkie
Bass drum kickin', to show my shit
Rappin' holdin' my dick, boy, I don't quit
Crowd rockin' motherfucker from around the way
I got a six-shooter, yo' mean hombre'
Rollin' through the hood, to find the boys
To kick dust and cuss, crank up some noise
Police on my drawers, I have to pause
40 ounce in my lap and it's freezin' my balls
I hook a right turn and let the boys go past
Then I say to myself, "They can kiss my ass!"
Hip to get drunk, got the 8 in my lips
Put in the old tape Marvin Gaye's greatest hits
Turn the shit up, had the bass cold whompin'
Cruisin' through the Eastside, south of Compton
See a big ass, and I say word
I took a look at the face, and the bitch was to the curb
Hoes on my tip for the title I'm holdin'
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin'
I, was.. "Cold kickin ass"
I, was.. "Raised in L.A."
I, was.. "Cruisin' down the street in my six-fo'"
"Too, much, posse!"

Ridin' on Slauson lookin' for Crenshaw
Turned down the sound, to ditch the law
Stopped at a light and had a fit
'Cause a Mexican almost wrecked my shit
Flipped his ass off, put it to the floor
Bottle was empty so I went to the store
Nigga on tilt 'cause I was drunk
See a sissy-ass punk, had to go in my trunk
Reached inside 'cause it's like that
Came back out with a silver gat
Fired at the punk and it was all because
I had to show the nigga what time it was
Pulled out the jammy and like a mirage
A sissy like that got out of Dodge
Sucka on me 'cause the title I'm holdin'
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin'
"Fuck it up y'all! Fuck it up y'all! Fuck it up y'all!"
"And we puttin' it on wax"
"Fuck it up y'all! Fuck it up y'all! Fuck it up y'all!"
"YEAH!!!" *guitar riff*
Olde English 800 'cause that's my brand
Take it in a bottle, 40, quart, or can
Drink it like a madman, yes I do
Fuck the police and a 5-O, too
Stepped in the party, I was drunk as hell
Three bitches already said, "Eric yo' breath smells!"
40 ounce in hand, that's what I got
"Yo man you see Eazy hurling in the parkin lot?"
Stepped on your foot, cold dissed yo' ho
Asked her to dance and she said ("Hell no!")
Called her a bitch 'cause that's the rule
("Bitch, who you callin a bitch?!")
Boys in the hood tryin' to keep me cool
You tell my homeboy you wanna kick my butt
I walked in your face and we get 'em up
I start droppin' the dogs, and watch you fold
Just dumb, full of cum, got knocked out cold
"Made you look sick you snotty-nosed prick!
Now your fly bitch is all over his dick!"
Punk got dropped 'cause the title I'm holdin'
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin'
"Stomp a mudhole in your ass!"
"Stomp a mudhole in your ass, BITCH!"
Pass the brew motherfucker while I tear shit up
And y'all listen up close to roll call
Eazy-E's in the place, I got money and juice
Ron-De-Vu with me and we make the deuce
Dre makes the beats so goddamn funky
Do the Olde 8, fuck the brass monkey
Ice Cube writes the rhymes that I say
Hail to the niggas from C.I.A
Krazy D is down and in effect
We make hardcore jams, so fuck respect
Make a toast punky-punk to the title I'm holdin'
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin'
{*scratched*} "City of Compton!"
{*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*echoes*}
{*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*scratched to end*}7EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Why you brothers insist on usin' the word nigga?
Don't you know that's bringin' down the black race?
Nigga nigga nigga that's all I hear you motherfuckers talk about is nigga
You can do what you want, just keep it out of my neighborhood
Personally I think the lyrics are a bit too harsh
I ain't no nigga, fuck that shit
Does everything come out your mouth got to be a 4-letter word?
All over this bullshit, it's just a bunch of fuckin' noise
The way you talk about women is bullshit, plain bullshit
What you motherfuckers doin' for the black community anyway?
Motherfucker I got kids, I don't want 'em listenin' to that bullshit
{*hospital monitor starts beeping*}
Fuck the niggas!
Motherfuckers need to stop
How can you call yourself a nigga and be proud of it?
{*monitor stops beeping - R.I.P.*}
 Flatline
 Bullshit!

Why do I call myself a nigga you ask me?
Well it's because motherfuckers wanna blast me
And run me outta my neighborhood
And label me as a dope dealer yo, and say that I'm no good
But I gave out jobs so niggas wouldn't have to go out
Gave em some dope and a corner so they could show out
When the cops came, they gave a fake name
Because the life in the streets is just a head game
So therefore, to make more
A 15-year-old black kid'll go and rob a liquor store
And get shot in the process
He ate up a nine bullet and now he's put to rest
Why do I call myself a nigga you ask me?
I guess it's just the way shit has to be
Back when I was young gettin' a job was murder
Fuck flippin' burgers, cause I deserve a
Nine-to-five I can be proud of, that I can speak loud of
And to help a nigga get out of
Yo! The concrete playground
But most motherfuckers only want you to stay down
But I'm a smart motherfucker you see
One of the best producers in the rap music industry
Gettin' paid like a motherfucker
A young brother, who don't give a fuck about another
Yeah

Why do I call myself a nigga you ask me?
Because police always wanna harass me
Every time that I'm rollin
They swear up and down that the car was stolen
Make me get face down in the street
And throw the shit out my car on the concrete
In front of a residence
A million white motherfuckers on my back like I shot the President

Why do I call myself a nigga you ask me?
Because my mouth is so motherfuckin' nasty
Bitch this, bitch that, nigga this, nigga that
In the mean while my pockets are gettin' fat
Gettin' paid to say this shit here
Makin' more in a week than a doctor makes in a year
So why not call myself a nigga?
It's better than pullin' the trigger and goin' up the river
And then I get called a nigga anyway
Broke as a motherfucker and locked away, so
So cut out all that bullshit
Yo! I guess I'll be a nigga for life
Niggas, crackers, jews!
If there's hell below, we're all gonna go!

Nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga, please
I'm treated like a fuckin' disease
You say - why do I call myself a nigga so quick?
Cause I can reach in my drawers and pull out a bigger dick, yo
Nigga say nigga we cool but
Cracker say nigga, nigga knocked the fuck up
But I gotta be a fast nigga, to never be the last nigga
Or I'll have to beat yo' ass, nigga
In the city you see action first
Then hear about it later in a verse I curse
Because I'm real with this to keep my shit straight bumpin
Murder, created by the streets of Compton
Now get it from the underground poet
I live it, I see it, and I write it because I know it
And if you think I'm fuckin' your wife
You're motherfuckin' right yo, cause I'm a nigga for life

I love niggas, I love niggas, I love niggas
Because niggas are me
And I should only love that which is me
I love that you niggas ("niggas for life")
Nigga this, nigga that
The actual fact is that I'm black and bound to attract
The attention of another, I mean the other
But I'm a motherfucker that'll have 'em runnin' for cover
You see, I don't give a fuck about nothin'
Except gettin' paid, gettin' bitches, and issuin' stitches
Which is, all needed to read it and find a rhyme
And then it's time to say, the nigga's here to stay
But what about the fake niggas, the house niggas
To get paid quick they gotta suck a fat dick
But N.W.A. is outta your motherfuckin' range
We ain't gonna change a motherfuckin' thang!

I call myself a nigga cause my skin won't lighten
I call myself a nigga cause the shit that I'm writin
Hypes me, hypes other motherfuckers around me
And that's the reason why they wanna surround me
And ask me - why do I call myself a negro?
Ain't none of their fuckin' business cause I'll let the trigger go
So get out my presence and get out of my sight
Cause MC Ren is a nigga for life

You're a nigga 'til you die
If you're a po' nigga, you're a po' nigga
If you're a rich nigga, you're a rich nigga
But you never stop bein' a nigga
And if you get to be educated you just an educated nigga
("I can dig it!")

It's plain to see, you can't change me
Cause imma be a nigga for life
It's plain to see, you can't change me
Cause imma be a nigga for life
It's plain to see, you can't change me
Cause imma be a nigga for life
It's plain to see, you can't change me
Cause imma be a nigga for life
It's plain to see, you can't change me
Cause imma be a nigga for life
It's plain to see, you can't change me
Cause Imma be a nigga for life
{*static noise*}

I'm a nigga, he's a nigga, she's a nigga, we some niggas
Wouldn't you like to be a nigga too?2EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yo Dre!!

It was once said by a man who couldn't quit
"Dopeman, please can I have another hit?"
The dopeman said, "Cluck, I don't give a shit
If your girl kneeled down, and suck my dick"
It all happened and the guy tried to choke her
Nigga didn't care, she ain't nothin' but a smoker
That's the way goes, that's the name of the game
Young brother gettin' over by slangin' 'caine
Gold around his neck in 14 K heaven
Bitches clockin' on his dick twenty-four/seven
Plus he's makin' money, keep the baseheads waitin'
Rollin' six-fo' wit the fresh ass Daytons
Livin' in Compton, California C-A
His uzi up yo' ass if he don't get paid
Nigga beggin' for credit, he's knockin' out teeth
Clockin' much dollars on the 1st and 15th
Big wad of money nuttin' less than a twenty
Yo you want a five-oh the dopeman's got plenty
To be a dopeman boy you must qualify
Don't get high off your own supply
From a ki' to a G it's all about money
10 piece for a champ, base pipe comes free
If people out there are not hip to the fact
If you see somebody gettin' money for crack
He's the
Dopeman, dopeman! (Ay man, give me a hit)
Dopeman, dopeman! (Yo man, fuck that shit!)
Dopeman, dopeman! (We just can't quit!)
Dopeman, dopeman! (Well suck this, bitch!)

Wait a minute, wait a minute
Who the fuck are you talkin' to?
Do you know who the fuck I am?
Man I can't believe this shit
This bitch is tryin' to gank me
Yo I oughta slap you upside yo' head
With nine inches of limp dick

You need a nigga with money so you get a dopeman
Juice that fool for as much as you can
She like his car, and he get wit her
Got a black eye cause the dopeman hit her
Let that slide and you pay it no mind
Find that he's slappin' you all the time
But that's okay, cause he's so rich
And you ain't nuttin' but a dopeman's bitch
Do what he say and you keep your mouth shut
Poppin' that trash might get you fucked up
Well sit and cry, if the dopeman strike you
He don't give a fuck he got two just like you
There's another girl in the dopeman's life
Not quite a bitch but far from a wife
She's called "Strawberry" and everybody know
Strawberry, Strawberry is the neighborhood ho
Do anything for a hit or two
Give the bitch a rock she fucked the whole damn crew
It might be your wife and it might make you sick
Come home and see her mouth on the dopeman's dick
Strawberry, just look and you'll see her
But don't fuck around she'll give you gonorrhea
If people out there are not hip to the fact
Strawberry is a girl sellin' pussy for crack
To the
Dopeman, dopeman! (Ay man, give me a hit)
Dopeman, dopeman! (Yo man, fuck that shit!)
Dopeman, dopeman! (In yo' face)
Dopeman, dopeman! "Yo Dre!! Kick in the bass!!"

If you smoke 'caine, you a stupid motherfucker
Known around the hood as the schoolyard clucker
Doin' that crack with all the money you got
On your hands and knees, searchin' for a piece of rock
Jonesin' for a hit, and you're lookin' for mo'
Done stole the Alpine out of Eazy's six-fo'
You need your ass whupped cause it's out of this earth
To get a ten-piece need a dollar fifty work
Knucklehead nigga, yeah you turned into a crook
But swear up and down boy that you ain't hooked
You beat your friend up, and you whupped his ass long
Cause he hit the pipe til the rock was all gone
You robbin' and stealin', buggin' and illin'
While the dopeman's dealin', what is healin' yo' pain
Cocaine, this shit's insane
Yo E she's a berry, let's run a train
(Man, I wouldn't touch that bitch) me neither
Ho go home and wash out your beaver
And niggas out there messin' up people's health
Yo, what the fuck you gotta say for yourself?
Well I'm the dopeman, yeah boy, I wear courderoy
Money up to here but unemployed
You keep smokin' that rock and my pockets gettin' bigger
(Yo, got that five-oh double up nigga!)
Yeah high rollin', big money I'm foldin'
Bitch on my tip for the dick I'm holdin'
Sprung strawberry jockin' me so early
Ho you wanna hit you gotta get your knees dirty
Now that's my life, that's how it's cut
"Hey dopeman!" Bitch, shut the fuck up!
Gotta make a run, it's a big money deal
Gankers got the fake but you can get the real
From the

Dopeman, dopeman! (Yeah that's me)
Dopeman, dopeman! (Yo can I get a G?)
Dopeman, dopeman! (Clock as much as he can)
Fuck this shit who am I? THE DOPEMAN!

Yo Mr. Dopeman, you think you're slick
You sold crack to my sister, and now she's sick
But if she happens to die, because of your drug
I'm puttin' in your culo, a .38 slug6EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
You are now about to witness the strength of street knowledge

Straight outta Compton, it's a crazy brotha named Ice Cube
From the stupid-dope gang wit a attitude
When I'm called off, I gotta sawed-off
Kick knowledge and bodies are hauled off
You too boy if you get with me
The police are gonna have to come and get me
Off yo back, that's how I'm going out
For the sucka dumb brothas that's showing out
Some start to mumble, they wanna rumble
Mix em and cook em in a pot like gumbo
Going off on everybody like that
With bass that's droppin' in your face
So give it up smooth
Ain't no telling when I'm down for a jack move
Here's a murder rap to keep you dancing
With a crime record like Charles Manson
Yo Dre, what's the sound of my tool?
Now you know that I'm about to act a fool
Me you can go toe to toe, no maybe
I'm knocking suckas out the box, daily
Yo weekly, monthly and yearly
Until the whole damn world see clearly
That I'm down with the capital C-P-T
Boy, you can't step to me
So when I'm in your neighborhood, you better duck down
Cause Ice Cube will damn sure buck 'em down
As I leave, believe I'm stomping
But when I come back boy, I'm coming straight outta Compton
Yo Ren

Whassup

Tell em where you from

Straight outta Compton, a brotha with his finger on the trigger
More punks I take out, my rep gets bigger
I'm a ruthless villain and you know this
But the suckas in the public won't show this
But I don't really care, I'mma make my snaps
If not from the records, from jacking the craps
It's like burglary, the definition is jacking
And when illegally armed it's called packing
Knock a fool out in a sec
I find somebody talkin' trash and put em in check
So if you're at a show in the front row
I'mma call you a sucka if you don't go with the flow
You'll probably get mad like a punk is supposed to
But that shows me, yo, you're composed to
A crazy young brotha from the street
Attitude legit cause I'm ready to hit
MC Ren controls the automatic
For any fool in my way that starts static
Not the right hand cause I'm the hand itself
Every time I pull a AK off the shelf
The security is maximum and that's a law
R-E-N spells Ren but I'm raw
See, cause people know me as a villain
The definition is clear, you're the witness of a killing
That's taking place without a clue
And once you're on the scope, you know you're through
Look, you might take it as a trip
But a brotha like Ren is on a gangsta tip
Straight outta Compton
Eazy is his name and the boy is coming

Straight outta Compton
Is a brother that'll smother your mother
And make your sister think I love her
Dangerous young brotha raising hell
And if I ever get caught, I make bail
See I don't really care, that's the problem
When I see a police, I don't dodge him
But I'm smart, lay low, creep a while
And when I see the punk pass, I smile
To me it's kinda funny, the attitude showing suckas driving
But don't know where the hell they going, just rolling
Looking for the one they call Eazy
But here's a flash, they never seize me
Ruthless
Never seen like a shadow in the dark
Except when I unload
You see I'll get over the hesitation
And hear the scream of the one who got the lead penetration
Feel a little gust of wind and now I'm jetting
And leave a memory no one'll be forgetting
So what about the girl who got shot 
You think I give a damn about a girl, I ain't a sucker
This is the autobiography of the E
And if you ever mess with me
You'll get taken by a stupid dope brother who will smother
Word to the mother, yeah!
Straight outta Compton
That's the way it goes in the city of Compton, boy2EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy