"Yet our best trained, best educated, best equipped, best prepared troops refuse to fight. Matter of fact, it’s safe to say that they would rather switch than fight"
W-E-L-O-V-E 108 FM

19—
—89 the number, another summer (Get down)
Sound of the funky drummer
Music hittin' your heart 'cause I know you got soul!
(Brothers and sisters!) (Hey, hey!)
Listen if you're missin', y'all, swingin'
While I'm singin' (Hey!), givin' whatcha gettin'
Knowin' what I know and while the Black band's
Sweatin' and the rhythm-rhyme rollin'!
Got to give us what we want (Uh!)
Gotta give us what we need (Hey! Haha, hey)
Our freedom of speech is freedom of death
We've got to fight the powers that be ("Lemme hear you say—")

Fight the power!
Fight the power! ("Lemme hear you say—")
Fight the power!
Fight the power! ("Lemme hear you say—")
Fight the power!
Fight the power! ("Lemme hear you say—")
Fight the power!
We've got to fight the powers that be

As the rhythm's designed to bounce, what counts is that the
Rhyme's designed to fill your mind, now that you've
Realized the pride's arrived, we got to
Pump the stuff to make ya tough, from the heart
It's a start, a work of art
To revolutionize, make a change, nothin's strange
People, people! We are the same, no—
We're not the same 'cause we don't know the game
What we need is awareness, we can't get
Careless! You say, "What is this?"
My beloved, let's get down
To business, mental self-defensive fitness
Bum-rush the show!
You gotta go for what you know
To make everybody see! In order to
Fight the powers that be ("Lemme hear you say—")

Fight the power!
Fight the power! ("Lemme hear you say—")
Fight the power!
Fight the power! ("Lemme hear you say—")
Fight the power!
Fight the power! ("Lemme hear you say—")
Fight the power!
We've got to fight the powers that be


Fight the power! ("Lemme hear you say—")
Fight the power!
Fight the power! ("Lemme hear you say—")
Fight the power!
Fight the power! ("Lemme hear you say—")
Fight the power!
We've got to fight the powers that be

Elvis was a hero to most, but he—
Elvis was a hero to most—
Elvis was a hero to most, but he
Never meant shit to me, you see, straight out
Racist—that sucker was simple and plain
Motherfuck him and John Wayne! 'Cause I'm Black and
I'm proud, I'm ready, I'm hyped, plus I'm amped
Most of my heroes don't appear on no stamps
Sample a look back; you look and find nothing
But rednecks for 400 years, if you check
"Don't Worry Be Happy" was a number-one jam
Damn, if I say it, you can slap me right here
Get it—let's get this party
Started right, right on, c'mon!
What we got to say?
Power to the people, no delay
Make everybody see, in order to
Fight the powers that be
Fight the power!
Fight the power!
Fight the power!
Fight the power!
We've got to fight the powers that be


What we got to say?
Fight the power!
What we got to say?
Fight the power! C'mon!
What we got to say?
Fight the power!
What we got to say?
Fight the power! C'mon!

Yo, check this out, man
Ok, talk to me about the future of Public Enemy
The future of Public Enemy got a—
27EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
("Now here's what I want y'all to do for me")
Back, caught you lookin' for the same thing
It's a new thing, check out this I bring
Uh, oh, the roll below the level, 'cause I'm livin' low
Next to the bass, (C'mon!), turn up the radio
They claiming I'm a criminal
But now I wonder how, some people never know
The enemy could be their friend, guardian
I'm not a hooligan, I rock the party and
Clear all the madness, I'm not a racist
Preach to teach to all ('Cause, some, they never had this)
Number one, not born to run, about the gun
I wasn't licensed to have one
The minute they see me, fear me
I'm the epitome, of "public enemy"
Used, abused without clues
I refuse to blow a fuse
They even had it on the news
Don't believe the hype
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't believe the hype
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't believe the hype

"Yes" was the start of my last jam
So here it is again, another def jam
But since I gave you all a little something that I knew you lacked
They still consider me a new jack
All the critics you can hang 'em, I'll hold the rope
But they hope to the Pope, and pray it ain't dope
The follower of Farrakhan
Don't tell me that you understand until you hear the man
The book of the new school rap game
Writers treat me like Coltrane, insane
Yes to them, but to me I'm a different kind
We're brothers of the same mind, unblind
Caught in the middle and not surrendering
I don't rhyme for the sake of riddling
Some claim that I'm a smuggler
Some say I never heard of ya, a rap burglar
False media, we don't need it do we?
(It's fake that's what it be to ya, dig me?
Yo, Terminator X, step up on the stand
And show these people what time it is, boy)
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't believe the hype
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't believe the hype
Don't believe the hype
Don't believe the hype
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't believe the hype

Don't believe the hype, it's a sequel
As an equal can I get this through to you
My '98 booming with a trunk of funk
All the jealous punks can't stop the dunk
Coming from the school of hard knocks
Some perpetrate, they drink Clorox
Attack the Black, because I know they lack exact
The cold facts, and still they try to Xerox
The leader of the new school, uncool
Never played the fool, just made the rules
Remember there's a need to get alarmed
Again I said I was a time bomb
In the daytime radio's scared of me
Cause I'm mad, plus I'm the enemy
They can't come on and play me in prime time
Cause I know the time, cause I'm getting mine
I get on the mix late in the night
They know I'm living right, so here go the mic—sike
Before I let it go, don't rush my show
You try to reach and grab and get elbowed
Word to Herb, yo if you can't swing this
Learn the words, you might sing this
Just a little bit of the taste of the bass for you
As you get up and dance at the LQ
When some deny it, defy it, I swing Bolos
And then they clear the lane I go solo
The meaning of all of that, some media is the wack
As you believe it's true
It blows me through the roof
Suckers, liars, get me a shovel
Some writers I know are damn devils
For them I say, don't believe the hype
(Yo, Chuck, they must be on the pipe, right?)
Their pens and pads I'll snatch cause I've had it
I'm not a addict fiending for static
I'll see their tape recorder and I grab it
(No, you can't have it back, silly rabbit)
I'm going to my media assassin
Harry Allen—I gotta ask him
(Yo, Harry, you're a writer—are we that type?)
(Don't believe the hype)
Don't believe—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't believe the hype
Don't believe—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't believe the hype

I got Flavor and all those things, you know
(Yeah, boy, part two bum rush the show)
Yo Griff get the green, black and red, and
Gold down, countdown to Armageddon
'88 you wait the S1's will
Put the left in effect and I still will
Rock the hard jams, treat it like a seminar
Reach the bourgeois and rock the boulevard
Some say I'm negative, but they're not positive
But what I got to give, (The media says this?)
Red, black, and green, you know what I mean?

Yo, don't believe that hype
They got to be beaming that pipe, you know what I'm saying?
Yo, them Megas got 'em going up to see Captain Kirk
Like a jerk and they outta work
Let me tell you a little something, man;
A lot of people on daytime radio scared of us
Because they too ignorant to understand the lyrics of the
Truth that we pumping into them clogged up brain cells
That just spun their little wooden skulls they call caps
You know what I'm saying?
But the S1s'll straighten it out quick-fast, in a hurry
Don't worry, Flavor vision ain't blurry, you know what I'm saying?
Yo, Terminator X

Don't—
Don't believe—
Don't believe the hype
Don't—
Don't believe—
Don't believe the hype
Don't believe the hype
Don't believe the hype
Don't—
Don't believe—
Don't believe the hype12EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yo, Chuck, bust a move, man
I was on my way up here to the studio
Ya know what I'm sayin'?
And this brother stopped me and asked me, "Yo, wassup with that brother, Chuckie D? He swear he nice"
I said "Yo the brother don't swear he's nice, he knows he's nice"
Ya know what I'm sayin'?
So Chuck, I got a feelin you turning him into a Public Enemy, man
Now remember that line you was kicking to me
On the way out to LA Laurelton Queens?
While we was in the car on our way to the Shop?
Well yo, right now kick the bass for them brothers
And let 'em know

WHAT, GOES, ON!
Rolling Stones of the rap game, not bragging
Lips bigger than Jagger, not saggin'
Spell it backwards, I'ma leave it at that
That ain't got nothing to do with rap
Check the facts, expose those cats
Who pose as heroes and take advantage of blacks
Your government's gangster, so cut the crap
A war going on so where y'all at?
"Fight the Power" comes great responsibility
'F the Police' but who's stopping you from killing me?
Disaster, fiascos over a loop by P.E
If it's an I instead of we believing TV
Spitting riches, bitches, and this new thing about snitches
Watch them asses move as the masses switches
System dissed them but barely missed her
My sole intention to save my brothers and sisters
Hard... (Get up!)
JUST, LIKE, DAT
Hard... (Get up!)
JUST, LIKE, DAT
Hard... (Get up!)
JUST, LIKE, DAT
Hard... (Get up!)
JUST, LIKE, DAT

Yeah, that's right Chuck, man
That's what you gotta do
You got to tell 'em JUST, LIKE, DAT, ya know what I'm sayin?
Cause yo, lemme tell you a lil something man
These brothers runnin around, hard-headed!
They get a lil jealous, you know what I'm sayin?
Just like that! You know, they try to bring you down wit 'em
But yo, Chuck, you got to tell 'em JUST, LIKE, DAT!

Screamin gangsta twenty years later
Of course endorsed while consciousness faded
New generation believin them fables
"Gangster Boogie" on two turntables
Show no love so it's easy to hate it
Desecrated while the coroner waited
Any given Sunday, so where y'all rate it?
Wit slavery, lynchin, and them drugs infiltrated
I'm like that doll Chucky, baby
Keep comin back to live, love life like I'm crazy
Keep it movin Rising to the Top
Doug Fresh clean livin you don't stop
Revolution means change, don't look at me strange
So I can't repeat what other rappers be sayin
You don't stand for something, you fall for anything
Harder than you think, it's a beautiful thing
Hard... (Get up!)
JUST, LIKE, DAT
Hard... (Get up!)
JUST, LIKE, DAT
Hard... (Get up!)
JUST, LIKE, DAT
Hard... (Get up!)
JUST, LIKE, DAT

Yeah, that's right Chuck, man
That's what you gotta do
You got to tell 'em JUST, LIKE, DAT, ya know what I'm sayin?
Cause yo, lemme tell you a lil something man
These brothers runnin around, hard-headed!
They get a lil jealous, you know what I'm sayin?
Just like that! You know, they try to bring you down wit 'em
But yo, Chuck, you got to tell 'em JUST, LIKE, DAT!

So it's time to leave you a preview
So you too can review what we do
Twenty years in this business, How You Sell Soul?
G-Wiz, people bear witness
Thank you for lettin us be ourselves
So don't mind me if I repeat myself
These simple lines be good for your health
To keep them crime rhymes on the shelf
Live love life like you just don't care
Five thousand leaders never scared
"Bring the Noise," it's 'the moment they feared'
Get up! Still a beautiful idea
Hard... (Get up!)
JUST, LIKE, DAT
Hard... (Get up!)
JUST, LIKE, DAT
Hard... (Get up!)
JUST, LIKE, DAT
Hard... (Get up!)
JUST, LIKE, DAT

Get up! - Throw yo hands in the air
Get up and show no fear!
Get up if y'all really care!
P.E. 20 years, now get up!!

Yeah, that's right, we Public Enemy #1 in New York
Public Enemy #1 in Philly, Public Enemy #1 in D.C
Public Enemy #1 in Cleveland, Ohio (we're harder than you think)
Also we're Public Enemy #1 in St. Louis
(It's a beautiful thing) Public Enemy #1 in New Jersey
And bust it, we also Public Enemy #1 in Cincinnati, (we're harder than you think)
And Atlanta, even Public Enemy #1 in Chicago, Public Enemy #1 in Detroit
(It's a beautiful thing) Public Enemy #1 in Oakland
(We're harder than you think) Public Enemy #1 in Baltimore
Public Enemy #1 in Miami, Public Enemy #1 in Indiana
Also Public Enemy #1 in L.A. (it's a beautiful thing... indeed)
Also Public Enemy #1 in Alabama, y'all (we're harder, than you think!)
Public Enemy #1 in Tennesee, Public Enemy #1 in Mississippi
The Carolinas
[JUST, LIKE, DAT
JUST, LIKE, DAT
JUST, LIKE, DAT]19EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Too black, too strong
Too black, too strong

Yo Chuck, these honey drippers are still fronting on us
Show 'em that we can do this, cause we always knew this
Haha, yeah boy!

Bass! How low can you go?
Death row? What a brother know
Once again, back is the incredible rhyme animal
The uncannable D, Public Enemy Number One
Five-O said, "Freeze!"—and I got numb
Can I tell 'em that I really never had a gun?
But it's the wax that the Terminator X spun
Now they got me in a cell 'cause my records, they sell
Cause a brother like me said "Well
Farrakhan's a prophet and I think you ought to listen to
What he can say to you, what you ought to do is follow for now"
Power of the people say
"Make a miracle, D, pump the lyrical"
Black is back, all in, we're gonna win
Check it out (Yeah y'all, come on) here we go again

Turn it up! Bring the noise!
Ayo Chuck, they're saying we're too black, man
Yo, I don't understand what they're saying
But little do they know they can get a smack for that, man
Never badder than bad cause the brother is madder than mad
At the fact that's corrupt like a senator
Soul on a roll, but you treat it like soap on a rope
'Cause the beats and the lines are so dope
Listen for lessons I'm saying inside music that the critics are blasting me for
They'll never care for the brothers and sisters now, 'cause the country has us up for the war
We got to demonstrate, come on now
They're gonna have to wait 'till we get it right
Radio stations I question their blackness
They call themselves black, but we'll see if they'll play this

Turn it up! Bring the noise!

Ayo Chuck, they illin', we chillin'
Yo P.E. in the house, top billin'
Yo Chuck, show em what you can do, boy

Get from in front of me, the crowd runs to me
My DJ is warm, he's X, I call him Norm, ya know
He can cut a record from side to side
So what, the ride, the glide should be much safer than a suicide
Soul control, beat is the father of your rock'n'roll
Music for whatcha, for whichin', you call a band, man
Making a music, abuse it, but you can't do it, ya know
You call 'em demos, (but we ride limos, too)
Whatcha gonna do? Rap is not afraid of you
Beat is for Sonny Bono, (Beat is for Yoko Ono)
Run-DMC first said a DJ could be a band
Stand on its own feet, get you out your seat
Beat is for Eric B. and LL as well, hell
Wax is for Anthrax, still it can rock bells
Ever forever, universal, it will sell
Time for me to exit, Terminator X-it
Turn it up! Bring the noise!

Yo, they should know by now that they can't stop this bum rush
Word up, better keep tellin' me to turn it down
But yo, Flavor Flav ain't going out like that

From coast to coast, so you stop being like a comatose
"Stand, my man? The beat's the same with a boast toast"
Rock with some pizzazz, it will last. Why you ask?
Roll with the rock stars, still never get accepted as
We got to plead the Fifth, you can investigate
Don't need to wait, get the record straight
Hey, posse in effect, got the Flavor, Terminator
X to sign checks, play to get paid
We got to check it out down on the avenue
A magazine or two is dissing me and dissing you
Yeah, I'm telling you

Hey yo, Griff, get thirty S1W, we got to handle this
We ain't goin' out like that
Yo man, straight up on the Columbo tip
We can do this, like Brutus
'Cause we always knew this
You know what I'm sayin'
There's just one thing that puzzles me, my brother
What's wrong with all these people around here, man
Is they clocking? Is they rocking? Is they shocking?...5EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
"Hey!"
"This—"
"This is a journey—"
"—jour—"
"—journey, through sound"
"Would you join me, please, in welcome-in-ing—"
"Hahahaha"

I got so much trouble on my mind
Refuse to lose
Here's your ticket;
Hear the drummer get wicked
The crew to you to push the back to Black attack
So I sack and jack, then slapped the Mac
Now I'm ready to mic it
(You know I like it) huh
Hear my favoritism roll "Oh"
Never be a brother like, "Me go solo"
Laser, anesthesia, maze ya
Ways to blaze your brain and train ya
The way I'm livin', forgiven, what I'm givin' up
X on the flex, hit me now
I don't know about later
As for now, I know how to avoid the paranoid
Man, I've had it up to here
Yeah, I wear got 'em going in fear
Rhetoric said and read just a bit ago
Not quitting, though signed the hard rhymer
Work to keep from getting jerked
Checkin' some ways (Ways)
To way back in the better days
Raw metaphysically bold, never followed a code
Still dropped a load
Never question what I am, God knows, huh!
'Cause it's coming from the heart
What I got, better get some
Get on up, hustler of culture
Snake bitten, been spit in the face, huh!
But the rhymes keep fittin'
Respect's been given, how's ya livin'
Now I can't protect, a paid-off defect
Check the record and reckon an intentional wreck
Played, off as some intellect
Made the call, took the fall, broke the laws
Not my fault that they're fallin' off
Known as fair and square throughout my years
So I growl at the livin' foul
Black to the bone, my home is your home
But welcome to the Terrordome
Come on down, get down
Come on, you can get it, get it, get it
Come on down, get down
Come on, you can get it, get it, get it
Come on down, get down
Come on, you can get it, get it, get it
Come on down, get down
Come on, you can get it, get it, get it
"Would you join me please in welcome-in-ing..."

So long now, have a good trip!
Yo, yo, who put this thing together, huh? Me!
Me, that's who!
Who I trust? Who I trust?
Me, that's who!
Yo, who you trust, man?

Subordinate terror, kickin' off an era
Cold deliverin' pain
My '98 was '87 on a record, yo
So now I go Bronco
(Oh Chuck, they out to get us, man!
Oh-oh-oh oh-oh-oh Chuck, they out to get us, man!
Yo, we gotta dust these boys off!)
Crucifixion ain't no fiction
So-called chosen frozen
Apology made to whoever pleases
Still they got me like Jesus
I rather sing, bring, think, reminisce
'Bout a brother while I'm in sync
Every brother ain't a brother 'cause a color
Just as well could be undercover
Backstabbed, grabbed a flag from the back of the lab
Told a Rab get off the rag
Sad to say, I got sold down the river
Still some quiver when I deliver
Never to say I never knew or had a clue
Word was Herb, plus hard on the boulevard
Lies, scandalizin', basin'
Traits of hate, who's celebratin' with Satan?
I rope-a-dope the evil with righteous, bobbin' and weavin'
And let the good get even
C'mon down (C'mon!)
But welcome to the Terrordome
Caught in the race against time, the pit and the pendulum
Check the rhythm and rhymes while I'm bending 'em
Snakes blowing up the lines of design (Would you join me please in welcome-in-ing...)
Trying to blind the science I'm sending 'em
How to fight the power, cannot run and hide
But it shouldn't be suicide
In a game, a fool without the rules
Got a hell of a nerve to just criticize
Every brother ain't a brother
'Cause a black hand squeezed on Malcolm X the man
The shooting of Huey Newton
From a hand of a Nig who pulled the trig

It's weak to speak and blame somebody else
When you destroy yourself
First, nothin' worse
Than a mother's pain of a son slain in Bensonhurst
Can't wait for the state to decide the fate
So this jam I dedicate
Places with the racist faces
Example, one of many places
Greek, week-end, speech, I speak
From a lesson, learned in Virginia
I don't smile in the line of fire, I go wildin'
But it's on bass and drums, even violins
Whatcha do, getcha head ready
Instead of getting physically sweaty
When I get mad, I put it down on a pad, huh!
Give ya something that ya never had
Controllin', fear of high rollin'
God bless your soul and keep livin'
Never allowed, kickin' it loud
Droppin' a bomb, brain game, intellectual Vietnam
Move as a team, never move alone
But welcome to the Terrordome2EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
"Brothers and sisters! Brothers and sisters, I don't know what this world is coming to!"

Yes, the rhythm, the rebel
Without a pause, I'm lowering my level
The hard rhymer -- where you never been, I'm in
You want stylin'? You know it's time again
D, the enemy, tellin' you to hear it
They praised the music, this time they play the lyrics
Some say no to the album, The Show
Bum Rush, the sound -- I made a year ago
I guess you know, you guess I'm just a radical
Not on sabbatical, yes, to make it critical
The only part your body should be partyin' to
Panther power on the hour from the rebel to you

Ay yo Chuck man, I don't understand this, man!
Yo, you got to slow down man, you losin' them!

Radio—suckers never play me
On the mix, they just okay me
Now, known and grown, when they're clocking my zone, it's known
Snaking and taking everything that a brother owns
Hard — my calling card
Recorded and ordered, supporter of Chesimard
Loud and proud, kicking live next, poet supreme
Loop a troop, bazooka, the scheme
(Flavor) A rebel in his own mind
Supporter of my rhyme
Designed to scatter a line of suckers who claim I do crime
They on my time ticket
Ay yo, Chuck, they think we takin' shorts!
Show 'em this is cold medina, man!
Come on, kick it!

Terminator X, Terminator X
Terminator X, Terminator

Yo Chuck, you gettin' em nervous
They can't handle this, they gonna break down!

From a rebel, it's final on black vinyl
Soul, rock and roll coming like a rhino
Tables turn, suckers burn to learn
They can't disable the power of my label
Def Jam, tells you who I am
The enemy's public, they really give a damn
Strong Island, where I got 'em whylin'
That's the reason they're claiming that I'm violent
Never silent, no dope, getting dumb — nope
Claiming where we get our rhythm from
Number one, we hit ya and we give ya some
No gun, and still never on the run
You wanna be an S1 -- Griff will tell you when
And then you'll come again, you'll know what time it is
Impeach the president, pulling out my ray gun
Zap the next one, I could be your Shogun
(Suckers) don't last a minute
Soft and smooth, I ain't with it
(Hardcore) raw bone like a razor
I'm like a laser, I just won't graze ya
Old enough to raise ya, so this'll faze ya
Get it right boy and maybe I will praise ya
Playing the role, I got soul too
Voice my opinion with volume
(Smooth) Not what I am
(Rough) Cause I'm a man
No matter what the name, we're all the same
Pieces in one big chess game
(Yeah!) The voice of power
Is in the house — go take a shower, boy
P.E. a group, a crew — not singular
We wear black Wranglers
We're rap stranglers, you can't angle us
I know you're listening
I caught you pissin' your pants
You're scared of dissing us
The crowd is missing us
We're on a mission y'all
Yo Chuck, yo! Yeah, man!
Yo, you got 'em runnin' scared!

Terminator X, Terminator X
Terminator X, Terminator

Attitude, when I'm on fire
Juice on the loose, electric wire
Simple and plain, give me the lane
I'll throw it down your throat like Barkley
You see my car keys, you'll never get these
They belong to the Nine-Eight posse
You want some more, son? You wanna get some?
Bum-rush the door of the store — pick up the album
You know the rhythm, the rhyme plus the beat is designed
So I can enter your mind, boys!
Bring the noise — my time
Step aside for the flex, Terminator X

Yeah, that's right
This jam is rated cold medina, boy
That's right, cold medina, that's right
We showin' up in E-F-F-E-C-T also known as effect
You understand what I'm sayin'?
Yeah! Yeah, boy!
Bring that beat back
Bring that beat back one more time, Chuck
Y'all wanna hear that beat, right?
Bring that beat back14EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Bass for your face, London!
Everybody in the house make some noise!
I want everybody in the house to say "ho!" (Ho!)
Yo Chuck, kick it to 'em, man!
"A ballad behind bars or you could say real rock from the rock. An unusual musical happening in a most unusual place. The state prison..."
"Get in that cell, nigga!"
I got a letter from the government the other day
I opened and read it, it said they were suckers
They wanted me for their army or whatever
Picture me giving a damn, I said never
Here is a land that never gave a damn
About a brother like me and myself because they never did
I wasn't with it but just that very minute it occurred to me
The suckers had authority
Cold sweating as I dwell in my cell, how long has it been?
They got me sitting in the state pen
I gotta get out, but that thought was thought before
I contemplated a plan on the cell floor
I'm not a fugitive on the run
But a brother like me begun to be another one
Public enemy serving time
They drew the line y'all, to criticize me some crime
Nevertheless, they could not understand that I'm a Black man
And I could never be a veteran
On the strength, the situation's unreal
I got a raw deal, so I'm looking for the steel
They got me rotting in the time that I'm serving
Telling you what happened the same time they're throwing
Four of us packed in a cell like slaves, oh well
The same motherfucker got us living in his hell
You have to realize, what its a form of slavery
Organized under a swarm of devils
Straight up - word 'em up on the level
The reasons are several, most of them federal
Here is my plan anyway and I say
I got gusto, but only some I can trust, yo
Some do a bid from 1 to 10
But I never did, and plus I never been
I'm on a tier where no tears should ever fall
Cell block and locked, I never clock it y'all
Cause time and time again
Time, they got me serving to those and to them, I'm not a citizen
But ever when I catch a C-O
Sleeping on the job, my plan is on go-ahead
On the strength, I'ma tell you the deal
I got nothing to lose
Cause I'm going for the steel

Don't you know I caught a C-O
Falling asleep on death row
I grabbed his gun, then he did what I said so
And every man's demand got served
Along with the time they served, decency was deserved
To understand my demands
I gave a warning, I wanted the governor, y'all
And plus the warden to know
That I was innocent because I'm militant
Posing a threat, you bet it's fucking up the government
My plan said I had to get out and break north
Just like Oliver's neck, I had to get off
My boys had the feds in check
They couldn't try nothing
We had a force to instigate a prison riot
This is what it takes for peace
So I just took the piece
Black for Black inside time to cut the leash
Freedom to get out to the ghetto, no sell out
6 C-Os we got we ought to put their head out
But I'll give 'em a chance, cause I'm civilized
As for the rest of the world, they can't realize
A cell is hell, I'm a rebel so I rebel
Between bars, got me thinking like an animal
Got a woman C-O to call me a copter
She tried to get away, and I popped her
Twice, right? Now who wanna get nice?
I had 6 C-Os, now it's 5 to go
And I'm serious, call me delirious
But I'm still a captive, I gotta wrap this
Time to break as time grows intense
I got the steel in my right hand, now I'm looking for the fence
As I ventured into the courtyard
Followed by 52 brothers bruised, battered, and scarred but hard
Going out with a bang, ready to bang out
But power from the sky and from the tower shots rang out
A high number of dose, yes and some came close
Figure I trigger my steel, stand and hold my post
This is what I mean, an anti-nigga machine
If I come out alive and then they won't come clean
And then I threw up my steel bullets flew up
And to my surprise the water tower blew up, who shot
What, who, what, the bazooka was who
And to my rescue, it was the S1Ws
Secured my getaway, so I just got away
The joint broke, from the black smoke
Then they saw it was rougher than the average bluffer
Cause the steel was black, the attitude exact
Now the chase is on telling you to c'mon
53 brothers on the run, and we are gone8EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yeah that's right, this cut goes out to all y'all that's been missin' us for mad years
One love y'all
Yeah that's right, He Got Game
PE 1998

If man is the father, the son is the center of the earth
In the middle of the universe, then why
Is this verse comin' six times rehearsed?
Don't freestyle much but I write 'em like such (Word)
Amongst the fiends controlled by the screens
What does it all mean, all this shit I'm seein'?
Human beings screaming vocal javelins
Signs of a local nigga unravelling (uh huh)
My wanderin' got my ass wondering
Where Christ is in all this crisis?
Hatin' Satan never knew what nice is
Check the papers while I bet on ices
More than your eye can see and ears can hear
Year by year all the sense disappears
Nonsense perseveres, prayers laced with fear
Beware, two triple O is near

It might feel good, it might sound a little somethin'
But damn the game if it don't mean nothin'
What is game? Who got game?
Where's the game in life, behind the game behind the game
I got game, she's got game
We got game, they got game, he got game
It might feel good, it might sound a little somethin'
But fuck the game if it ain't sayin' nothin'
Damn, was it something I said?
Pretend you don't see so you turn your head
Ray scared of his shadow, does it matter?
Thought of reparations got 'em playin' with the population
Nothin to lose, everything's approved
People used, even murders excused (You preach to 'em, yo)
White men in suits don't have to jump
Still a thousand and one ways to lose with his shoes
God takes care of old folks and fools
While the devil takes care of makin' all the rules
Folks don't even own themselves
Payin' mental rent to corporate presidents (My man, my man)
Ugh, one outta million residents
Bein' dissident, who ain't kissin' it
The politics of chains and whips
Got the sick missin' chips and all the championships
What's Love Got To Do with what you got
Don't let a win get to your head or a loss to your heart (Word)
Nonsense perseveres, prayers laced with fear
Beware, two triple O is near

It might feel good, it might sound a little somethin'
But damn the game if it don't mean nothin'
What is game? Who got game?
Where's the game in life, behind the game behind the game
I got game, she's got game
We got game, they got game, he got game
It might feel good, it might sound a little somethin'
But fuck the game if it ain't sayin' nothin'
Yeah that's right, eerybody got game
But we just here to let y'all know
That PE, is in full effect, from right now till the year 2000
Aiyo, my man, sing it

There's something happening here (Yeah, yeah)
What it is ain't exactly clear
There's a man, with a gun over there (Yeah, that's right, hah haha)
Tellin me, I got to beware
It's time we stop, children what's that sound?
Everybody look what's goin, down
(Aiyo, I don't think they heard you, Stevie
Kick it to em again one more time)
It's time we stop, children what's that sound?
Everybody look what's goin, down

Haha, that's right boy, PE in full effect boy to the year 2000 yo

Stop, look, what's that sound
Everybody knows what's goin' down
Stop, look, what's that sound
Everybody knows what's goin' down
Come on sing it
Sing it again y'all come on
Hey!
He-hey!!!
Aiyo, these are some serious times that we're livin in G
And a new world order is about to begin, y'knowhutI'msayin?
Now the question is - are you ready, for the real revolution
Which is the evolution of the mind?
If you seek then you shall find that we all come from the divine
You dig what I'm sayin?
Now if you take heed to the words of wisdom
That are written on the walls of life
Then universally, we will stand and divided we will fall
Because love conquers all, you understand what I'm sayin?
This is a call to all you sleepin souls
Wake up and take control of your own cipher
And be on the lookout for the spirit snipers
Tryin to steal your light, y'knowhutI'msayin?
Look within-side yourself, for peace
Give thanks, live life and release
You dig me? You got me?4EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Hold it, now!
Oh! Come on, come on!
Huh! Alright, y'all!

I testified, my mama cried
Black people died when the other man lied
See the TV, listen to me, double trouble
I overhaul and I'm coming from the lower level
I'm taking tabs, sho nuff, stuff to grab
Like shirts and it hurts with a neck to wreck
Took a poll 'cause our soul took a toll
From the education of a TV station
But look around, here go the sound of the wrecking ball
Boom and pound when I shut 'em down
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
Huh! Alright, y'all!
Alright!

One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine
What I use in the battle for the mind
Hit it hard like it suppose, pull no blows to the nose
Like Uncle L said, I'm rippin' up shows
Then what it is is only five percent of the biz, I'm adding woes
That's the way it goes
Then you think I rank I never drank, point blank
I own loans, suckers got me running from the bank
Civil liberty, I can't see to pay a fee
I never saw a way to pay a sap to read the law
Then become a victim of a lawyer
Don't know ya, never saw ya
Tape cued, getting me sued
Playing games with my head, what the judge said
Put me in the red, got me thinking 'bout a trigger to the lead
No, no, my educated mind say
Suckers gonna pay anyway, there gonna be a day
Cause the troop they roll in, to posse up whole from the ground
Ready to go, throw another round
Sick of the ride, it's suicide for the other side of town
When I find a way to shut 'em down
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)

Hold it! Come on!
Alright, y'all! Alright, y'all!
Come on, now!
Hey!

Who count the money in the neighborhood?
But we spending money to no end, looking for a friend
In a war to the core, ripping up the poor in the stores
Until they get a brother kicking down doors
Then I figure I can get bigger, look 'em dead in the eye
And they wince, defense is pressurized
They don't really want it to be another racial attack
In disguise, so give some money back
I like Nike, but wait a minute
The neighborhood supports, so put some money in it
All corporations owe, they gotta give up the dough
To my town or else we gotta shut 'em down
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)

Alright, y'all! One more time, here we go again!
Alright, come on!
Uh, get down! Hold it, come on!
Uh, wait a minute now!
Huh! Hey, hey, hey!
Yeah, yeah, I know you got soul!
Pump the beat, pump the beat
The fall beat, y'all!
I'm bringin' low, bringin' low, bringin' low, y'all!

Howdy y'all. This is Bernie Crosshouse, yours truly of the KKK. I'd like to express our deepest gratitude at the destruction of the inferior nigga race. And I’m especially pleased to report it's destroyin' itself without our help. To all you gangs, hoodlums, drug pushers and users, and other worthless niggers killin' each other, we’d like to thank y'all for savin' us the time, trouble and legality for the final chapter of riddin' y'all off the face of the Earth. Your solution to our problem is greatly appreciated, so keep sellin' us your soul. Thank ya!9EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Hit me!
"Somebody call an ambulance!"
"There's not a minute to spare"
"Don't worry"
"There's not a minute to spare"
"Don't worry"
Going, going, gone!

Now I dialed 911 a long time ago
Don't you see how late they're reacting?
They only come and they come when they wanna
So get the morgue truck and embalm the goner
They don't care 'cause they stay paid anyway
They treat you like an ace that can't beat a trey
A no-use number with no-use people
If your life is on the line then you're dead today
Latecomers with the late coming stretcher
That's a body bag in disguise y'all, I'll betcha
I call 'em body snatchers cause they come to fetch ya
With an autopsy ambulance just to dissect ya
They are the kings cause they swing amputation
Lose you arms or legs to their miscalculation
I can prove it to you, watch the rotation
It all adds up to a fucked up situation
So get up, get, get, get down
911 is a joke in yo town
Get up, get, get, get down
Late 911 wears the late crown
So get up get, get get down
911 is a joke in yo town
Get up, get, get, get down
Late 911 wears the late crown

911 is a joke
911 is a joke

Everyday they don't never come correct
You can ask my man right here with the broken neck
He's a witness to the job never being done
He would've been in full effect
But late 911 was a joke cause they only joking
They the token to your life when it's croaking
They need to be in a pawn shop on a
911 is a joke we don't want 'em
I call a cab cause a cab will come quicker
The doctors huddle up and call a flea flicker
Reason why I say that cause they flick you off like fleas
They be laughing at you while you're crawling on your knees
And to the strength so go the length
Thinkin' you are first when you really are tenth
You better wake up and smell the real flavor
Cause 911 is a fake life saver
So get up get, get get down
911 is a joke in yo town
Get up, get, get, get down
Late 911 wears the late crown
So get up get, get get down
911 is a joke in yo town
Get up, get, get, get down
Late 911 wears the late crown

Ahh
Flavor Flav says Ahh
So get up get, get get down
911 is a joke in yo town
Get up, get, get, get down
Late 911 wears the late crown
So get up get, get get down
911 is a joke in yo town
Get up, get, get, get down
Late 911 wears the late crown5EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
(Confusion)
Here come the drums
Alright, alright, yeah, yeah
Alright, alright
Here come the drums
Alright, alright, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Alright, alright

Bass in your face, not an eight track
Gettin' it good to the wood
So the people give you some of that reactin' to the facts
That I kick and it stick and it stay around
Pointin' to the joint, put the Buddha down
Goin, goin, deep to the roots
Ain't givin' it up, so turn me loose
But then again I got a story that's harder than the hardcore
Cost of the holocaust, I'm talkin' 'bout the one still goin' on
I know where I'm from, not dum diddie dum
From the base motherland, the place of the drum
Invaded by the wack diddie wack
And fooled the black, and left us faded
King and chief, probably had a big beef
Because of that now I grit my teeth
So here's a song to the strong
'Bout the shake of the snake and the smile went along
With that, can't truss it
You can't truss it
Let them know
You can't truss it
Yo, let them know
You can't truss it
Let them know

Kickin' wicked rhymes like a fortune teller
Cause the wickedness done by Jack
Where everybody at divided and sold
For liquor and the gold
Smacked in the back for the other man to mack

What?
Wicked man, wicked man
Get back, step back, kick it man

Now the story that I'm kickin' is gory
Little Rock where they be dockin' this boat
No hope, I'm shackled, oh plus, gang tackled
By the other hand swingin' the rope "god damn"
Wearin' red, white and blue, Jack and his crew
The guy's authorized beat down for the brown
Man to the man, each one, so I teach one
Born to terrorize sisters and every brother
One love who said it, I know Whodini sang it
But the hater taught hate that's why we gang bang it
Beware of the hand when it's comin' from the left
I ain't trippin, just watch your step
Can't truss it
Can't truss it
Yo, let them know
Can't truss it
Yo, let them know
Can't truss it
Yo, let them know
Can't truss it, can't truss it
Can't truss it, can't truss it
Can't truss it, can't truss it

And I'll judge everyone, one by the one
Look here comes the judge, watch it here he come now
(Don't sentence me judge, I ain't did nothin' to nobody)
I can only guess what's happenin'
Years ago he woulda been the ship's captain
Gettin' me bruised on a cruise, what I got to lose
Lost all contact, got me layin' on my back
Ugh, rollin' in my own leftover
When I roll over, I roll over in somebody else
90 damn days on a slave ship
Count them fallin' off 1, 2, 3, 4 hundred at a time
Blood in the wood and it's mine
I'm chokin' on, spit, feelin' pain
Like my brain bein' chained
Still gotta give it what I got
But it's hot in the day, it's cold in the night
But I thrive to survive, I pray to god to stay alive
Attitude boils up inside
And that ain't it, you think I ever quit
Still I plan to get my hands around the neck of the man with the whip
3 months passed, they brand a label on my ass
To signify I'm owned, I'm on the microphone
Sayin' 1555, how I'm livin'
We been livin' here, livin' ain't the word, I been givin'
Haven't got, classify us in the have-nots
Fightin' haves cause it's all about money "damn"
When it comes to Armageddon mean I'm getting mine
Here I am turn it over Sam
427 to the year, do you understand
That's why it's hard for the black to love the land
Once again, bass in your face, not an eight track
Gettin' it good to the wood
So the people give you some of that reactin' to the facts
That I kick and it stick and it stay around
Pointin' to the joint, put the Buddha down
Goin, goin, gettin' to the roots
Ain't givin' it up, so turn me loose
But then again I got a story that's harder than the hardcore
Cost of the holocaust, I'm talkin' 'bout the one still goin' on
I know where I'm from, not dum diddie dum
From the base motherland, the place of the drum
Invaded by the wack diddie wack
And fooled the black, and left us faded
King and chief, probably had a big beef
Because of that now I grit my teeth
So here's a song to the strong
Bout the shake of the snake and the smile went along
With that, can't truss it

Can't truss it, can't truss it
You can't truss it, you can't truss it
You can't truss it, you can't truss it
You can't truss it, you can't truss it
You can't truss it, you can't truss it

Watch him, here he comes now
Watch him, here he comes now3EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Burn Hollywood burn I smell a riot
Goin' on -- first they're guilty, now they're gone
Yeah I'll check out a movie
But it'll take a Black one to move me
Get me the hell away from this T.V
All this news and views are beneath me
So all I hear about is shots ringing out
About gangs putting each other's head out
So I rather kick some slang out
All right fellas let's go hang out
Hollywood or would they not
Make us all look bad like I know they had
But some things I'll never forget, yeah
So step and fetch this shit
For all the years we looked like clowns
The joke is over -- smell the smoke from all around
Burn Hollywood burn

Ice Cube is down with the P.E
Now every single bitch wanna see me
Big Daddy is smooth, word to mother
Let's check out a flick that exploits the color
Roaming through Hollywood late at night
Red and blue lights what a common sight
Pulled to the curb, getting played like a sucker
Don't fight the power...(gunshot)..the motherfucker
As I walk the streets of Hollywood Boulevard
Thinking how hard it was to those that starred
In the movies portraying the roles
Of butlers and maids, slaves and hoes
Many intelligent Black men seemed
To look uncivilized when on the screen
Like, I guess I figure you to play some jigaboo
On the plantation, what else can a nigga do
And Black women in this profession
As for playing a lawyer, out of the question
For what they play Aunt Jemima is the perfect term
Even if now she got a perm
So let's make our own movies like Spike Lee
Cause the roles being offered don't strike me
As nothing that the black man could use to earn
Burn Hollywood burn
"Now we're considering you for a part in our new production. How do you feel about playing a controversial negro?"
"Yeah, I'm wid it. You mean somebody like Huey P. Newton or H. Rap Brown, right?"
"Well, it's a servant character that chuckles a little bit, and sings."
"Yo, man, what?? That's bullshit."
"Hey Cube, Kane, Flav, listen. I hope you ain't wastin' my time. You know how I feel about givin' these movies my money, know what I'm sayin'?  I work hard for it"
"Yo, man, it's gonna be dope, man."
"Chill, man."
"Hey, I'm chill chill, but you know what I'm sayin', I just don't wanna, I can't go for this Steel Magnolia shit, know what I'm sayin'?"
"Come on, man, it's cool."
Ladies and gentlemen, today's feature presentation: Driving Miss Daisy
"No, no, no."
"Bullshit, just what I'm talkin' about, all this Terms of Endearment shit. I'm outta here, man, it's bullshit."
"Yo, check it out, man I got Black Caesar at the crib, man, y'all want to go check that out?"
"That's the idea. We could have rolled with that from the get-go!"
"Fuck Hollywood, man."EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yo Chuck, bust a move man
I was on my way up here to the studio, you know what I'm saying?
And this brother stopped me and asked me, "Yo, what's up with that brother Chuckie D, he swear he nice?"
I said, "Yo, the brother don't swear he nice, he knows he's nice", you know what I'm saying?
So Chuck, we got a feeling you turning into a Public Enemy, man
Now remember that line you was kicking to me on the way out to L.A. Laurelton Queens while we was in the car on our way to the shop?
Well yo, right now, kick the bass for them brothers and let 'em know... What, goes, on!
What goes on? Well...

I'm all in, put it up on the board
Another rapper shot down from the mouth that roared
One, two, three - down for the count
The result of my lyrics, oh yes, no doubt
Cold rock rap, forty-niner supreme
Is what I choose and I use, I never lose to a team
'Cause I can go solo like a Tyson bolo
Make the fly girls wanna have my photo
Run in their room, hang it on the wall
In remembrance that I rocked them all
Suckers, ducks, ho-hum emcees
You can't rock the kid, so go cut the cheese
Take this application of rhymes like these
My rap's red hot, hundred ten degrees
So don't start bassing, I'll start placing
Bets on that you'll be disgracing
You and your mind from my beating from my rhymes
A time for a crime that I can't find
I'll show you my gun, my Uzi weighs a ton
Because I'm Public Enemy number one
One, one, one
One, one, one, one!
(One, one, one, hoo-hah!)

You got no rap, but you want to battle
It's like having a boat, but you've got no paddle
'Cause I never pause, I say it because
I don't break in stores, but I break all laws
Written while sitting, all bidding not hidden
Giving me the juice that you're not getting
I'm not a law obeyer, so you can tell your mayor
I'm a non-stop, rhythm rock, poetry sayer
I'm the rhyme player, the ozone layer
A battle what? Here's a bible, start your prayer
This word to the wise is justified
If they ask you what happened, just admit you lied
You just got caught up for going out of order
And now you're serving football teams their water
You messed with the Master, word to Chuck
And I waxed cold taxed, make sure you got dunked
You just got dissed, all but dismissed
Sucker duck emcees, you get me pissed
It's no fun being on the run
Because they got me Public Enemy number one
One, one, one
One, one, one, one!
Don't you know, don't you know

I got a posse of a force to back me up
Watch out, we got mettle to match
Ambush attack on my back, double-team you get creamed
So we have it, so you won't catch
Wanna hear it again we got a force, enemy down
The L-I circuit sound
And Chuckie D, myself, and K-Jee
Flavor, DJ Melo-D
Oh yes, I presume it's the tunes that make us groom
To make all the ladies swoon
But it's also the words from our direction, the homeboy section
Kicking like Bruce Lee's "Chinese Connection"
On stereo, never ever mono
On wax, yes, I'm talking about vinyl
They said "Stop! Freeze!", I got froze up
Because I'm Public Enemy number one

One, one, one
One, one, one
One, one, one!
For all you
Suckers, liars, your cheap amplifiers
Your crossed up wires are always starting fires
You grown up criers, now here's a pair of pliers
Get a job like your mother, heard she fixes old dryers
You have no desires, your father fixes tires
You try to sell your equipment but you get no buyers
It's you they never hire, you're never on flyers
'Cause you and your crew is only known as good triers
Known as the poetic, political, lyrical son
I'm Public Enemy number one

One, one, one
One, one, one
One, one, one!

Yeah, that's right Chuck, man
That's what you gotta do
You gotta tell 'em just like that, you know what I'm saying
'Cause yo man, let me tell you a little something man
These brothers running around, hard headed
They get a little jealous, you know what I'm saying
Just like that, you know, they're trying to bring you down with them
But yo Chuck, you got to let them know who's who in the world to be
You got to let them know, that this is the 80's
And we can get all the ladies
And in the backyard we got a fly Mercedes
And that's the way the story goes
That's just the way the story goes
Let me tell you a little something man4EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
"Have you forgotten that once we were brought here, we were robbed of our name, robbed of our language. We lost our religion, our culture, our God... And many of us, by the way we act, we even lost our minds"
Here it is, bam
And you say "Goddamn, this is the dope jam"
But let's define the term called dope
And you think it mean funky now, no
Here is a true tale
While the ones that deal are the ones that fail (Yeah!)
Yeah, you can move if you wanna move
What it prove? It's here like the groove
The problem is this, we gotta' fix it
Check out the justice, and how they run it
Selling, smelling, sniffing, riffing
And brothers try to get swift and
Sell their own, rob a home
While some shrivel to bone
Like comatose walking around
Please don't confuse this with the sound
I'm talking about

"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba"
"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba" (Yeah)
"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
"One, two, three, four, five, six"
"Kick it!"
"Years ago"

I put this together to (rock) the bells of those that boost the dose
Of lack a lack, and those that sell to Black
Shame on a brother when he dealin'
The same block where my 98 be wheelin'
And everybody know, another kilo
From a corner from a brother to keep another below
Stop illin' and killing, stop grillin'
Yo, Black, yo (We are willing!)
Four, five o'clock in the mornin'
Wait a minute y'all, the fiends are fiendin'
Day to day, to day, they say no other way (Way, no way)
This stuff is really bad (Fee-fi-fo)
I'm talking 'bout

"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-"
"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba"
"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba"
"Bass!"
"Hold, hold it! Listen"
"We gon' get on down, now!"

"How-how-how-how-how-how-how-how-
How low can you go?"
"How-how-how-how-how-how-how
How low can you go?"
"How-how-how-how-how-how
How low can you go?"
"How-how-how-how
How-low-low-low
How low can you go?"
(Yo!)

(Listen!) I see it on their faces
(First come, first serve basis)
Standing on line, checking the time, homeboys playing the curb
The same ones that used to do herb (Yo, Herb!)
Now they're gone, passing it on
Poison attack - the Black word bond (Word, word)
My man Daddy-O once said to me
He knew a brother who stayed all day in his Jeep
And at night he went to sleep
And in the morning, all he had was the sneakers on his feet
The culprit used to jam and rock the mike
Yo, he stripped the Jeep to fill his pipe
And wander around to find a place
Where they rocked to a different kind of
Come on, y'all!
"Hold it now! Wait!"
"Wait it! Wait!"
"Yo, run it, Black!"

Succotash is a method for kids to make cash
Selling drugs to the brother man instead of the other man

(Brothers and sisters!)
I'm talkin' 'bout

"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-"
"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-
"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-
"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-"
"Bass!"7EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
This is Sister Souljah. Public Enemy, Security of the First World, and all allied forces are traveling west to head off a white supremacy scheming to destroy the national celebration of Martin Luther King's birthday. Public Enemy believes that the powers that be in the states of New Hampshire and Arizona have found psychological discomfort in paying tribute to a black man who tried to teach white people the meaning of civilization. Good luck brothers, show 'em what you got

I'm countin' down to the day deservin', fittin' for a king
I'm waitin' for the time when I can get to Arizona
'Cause my money is spent for the goddamn rent
Neither party is mine, not the jackass or the elephant
Twenty-thousand niggy-niggy brothers in the corner
Of the cell block, but they come from California
Population is none in the desert and sun
With a gun cracker runnin' things under his thumb
Starin' hard at the postcards, isn't it odd and unique
Seein' people smile wild in the heat?
A hundred-twenty degree, 'cause I want to be free
What's a smilin' face when the whole state's racist?
Why I want a holiday? Damn it, 'cause I wanna
So what if I celebrate it standin' on a corner?
I ain't drinkin' no forty, thinkin' time with a nine
'Til we get some land, call me the trigger man
Lookin' for the governor, huh? He ain't lovin' ya, ha?
But here to trouble ya, he's rubbin' ya wrong
Get the point and come along, he can get to the joint
I urinated on the state while I was kickin' this song
Yeah, he appear to be fair
The sucker over there, he try to keep it yesteryear
The good ol' days, the same ol' ways that kept us dyin'
Yes - you, me, myself, and I, indeed
What he need is a nosebleed
Read between the lines, and then you see the lie
Politically planned, but understand, that's all she wrote
When we see the real side that hide behind the vote
And they can't understand why he the man, I'm singin' about a king
They don't like it when I decide to mic it
Wait, I'm waitin' for the date
For the man, who demands respect 'cause he was great, c’mon
I'm on a one mission to get a politician to honor
Or he's a goner by the time I get to Arizona
Well, I got twenty-five days to do it
If a wall in the way, just watch me go through it
'Cause I gotta do what I gotta do
PE number one, gets the job done
When it's done and over, was because I drove 'er
Through all the static, not stick but automatic
That's the way it is, he gotta get his, talkin' MLK
Gonna find a way
Make the state pay, I'm lookin' for the day
Hard as it seems, this ain't no damn dream
Gotta know what I mean, it's team against team
Catch the light beam

So I pray, I pray every day, I do and praise Jah the maker
Lookin' for culture I got, but not here from Jamaica
Pushin' and shakin' the structure, bringin' down the Babylon
Hearin' the sucker that make it hard for the Brown
The hard boulevard, I need it now more than ever now
Who's sittin' on my freedom, oppressor, people beater
A piece of the pick, we picked a piece of land that we're deserving now
Reparation, a piece of the nation, and damn, he got the nerve
Another nigga they say and classify we want too much
My people plus the whole nine is mine, don't think I even double dutch
Here's a brother, my attitude is hit 'em, hang 'em high
I'm blowing up the nineties, started tickin' in eighty-six
When the blind get a mind, better start fearin' while we sing it now
There will be the day we know who's down and who will go
Go, go, go
By the time I get to Arizona
By the time I get to Arizona
By the time I get to Arizona
By the time I get to Arizona6EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
"I guarantee you, no more music by the suckers
No more music by the suckers
No more music by the suckers"

Yo, man, what do you mean by suckers, man?
Yo, we only trying to put a black eye in the game
Yo, we gonna let you put a black eye in the game
Boy, you know what i'm sayin?
Yeeah, boy, ha ha
Cold medina, cold medina
Rocking a beat to the strength
Yeah, boy, I got a solo, boy
That's right, Flavor goin' solo
What y'all know about that?
Yo, we gonna kick the flavor like this
Yo, bust this out

I'm lamping, I'm lamping, I'm cold cold lamping
I got Louie's boy, I'm not tramping
I just came from the crib, you know?
I'm on the go, throw your tank into metro
Live lyrics from the bank of reality
I kick the flyest dope maneuver technicality
To a dope track, you wanna hike get your backpack
Get out the wack sack
I'm in my Flavmobile cold lamping
I took a G upstate cold camping
To the Poconos, we call a hideaways
A pack of franks and a big bag of Frito lays
Flavor Flav on a hype tip
I'm your hype drink, come take a big sip
I'm in position, you can't play me out the pocket
I'll take the dopest beat you got and I'll rock it
Like chocolate, even vanilla
Chocolate, strawberry, sarsaparilla
Flavors are electric, try me get a shocker
Didn't I tell you to leave Flavor Flav alone, knocker?
A clock on my chest proves I don't fess
I'm a clocker rocker, rocking with the rest
Flav in the house by Chuck D's side
Chuck got the Flavor, Flav don't hide
P.E. crazy, crazy P.E
Making crazy Louie's for the shopping spree
You're eating dirt cause you like getting dirt from the graveyard
You put gravy on it
Then you pick your teeth with tombstone chips
Casket cover clips, dead women hips you do the bump with
Bones, nothing but love bones
Lifestyles of the living dead, first you live then you're dead
Died trying to clock what I said
Now I got a murder rap cause I bust your cap with Flavor
Pure Flavor

We got Magnum Brown, Shooshki Palooshki
Supercalafragahestikalagoothki
You could put that in your don't know what you said book
Took-look-yuk-duk-wuk
Innovative ill factors by the Flavor Flav
Come and ride the Flavor wave
In any year on any given day
What a brother know, what do Flavor say
Why do the record play that way
Prime time merrily in the day
Right now this radio station is busy
Brain knowledgeably wizzy
Honey drippers, you say you got it
You ain't got no flavor and I can prove it
Flavor Flav the flav all of flavors
Onion and garlic french fried potatoes
Make your breath stink, breathe fire
Make any onion the best crier
I know it sounds crazy but it fits perfect
Peter perfect picked a perfect Peter
Honey dripper, sucker sipper, big dipper, sucker dripper
Dripping suckers til it's going out of style
Creating suckers for the Flavor Flav pile
Flavor Flav the flavor of the pile
Lamping boy Medina style
Kicking the flavor, getting busy
You're going out, I think you're dizzy
I think you're hungry cause you're starving for Flavor
Flavor most, put it on your toast
Eat it and taste it and swallow it down
Imperial Flavor gives you the crown
Of the king called Flavor, the king of all flavors
Rolls and rolls and rolls of life savers
Flavor Flav is in everything you eat
Cause everything you eat got flavor
Flavor Flav is the first taste you get in the morning
Your breakfast is the flavor
In between that your lunch, in between that your dinner
In between that your midnight flavor
That's right, boy2EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
You're blind, baby
You're blind from the facts on who you are
Cause you're watching that garbage
The woman makes the men all pause
And if you got a woman she might make you forget yours
There's a five letter word to describe her character
But her brains being washed by an actor
And every real man that tries to approach
Come the closer he comes, he gets dissed like a roach

I don't think I can handle she goes channel to channel
Cold looking for that hero, she watch channel zero

She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
Zero
Yo baby, you got to cut that garbage off
Yo! I wanna watch the game
What is you doing?
Hey yo, let me tell you a little something
I'mma take all your soaps and then I'm gonna hang 'em on a rope
You know what I'm saying?
Cause that garbage you're watching don't make no sense
Hey yo let me tell you a little something baby
I'mma take your set and I'mma throw it out the window, G!

2, 7, 5, 4, 8 she watched she said
All added up to zero, and nothing in her head
She turns and turns and she hopes the soaps
Are for real, she learns that it ain't true, nope
But she won't survive and rather die in a lie
Fall a fool for some dude on a tube



Yo baby, you think I'm joking? Do I look like I'm joking?
I ain't joking, word up, baby
Yo, cut that garbage off now
Yo, I got the Tyson fight on, you know what I'm saying?
Yo, so you can't be coming here and stagnating like that, you know what I'm saying?
Yo, we getting ready to watch the Super Bowl
We got a black quarterback so step back!
Trouble vision for a sister cause I know she don't know, I quote
Her brain's been trained by a twenty-four inch remote
Revolution a solution for all of our children
But her children don't mean as much as the show, I mean
Watch her worship the screen and fiend
For a TV ad, and it just makes me mad



Yo baby, can't you see that's nonsense you watching?
Look, don't nobody look like that, nobody even live that, you know what I'm saying?
You watching garbage, nothing but garbage, straight up garbage
Yo, why don't you just back up from the TV, read a book or something
Read about yourself, learn your culture, you know what I'm saying?
Yo let me tell you a little something
5EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Where is Public Enemy? What's the big deal?
What's your latest hit, brother?
(Fear of a Black Planet)

Man, don't you worry 'bout a thing
'Bout your daughter, nope she's not my type
(But suppose she said she loved me?)
Are you afraid of the mix of Black and White?
Livin' in a land where the law say
Mixing of race makes the blood impure
She's a woman I'm a man
Look at your face, I see ya can't stand it


Man you need to calm down, don't get mad
I don't need your sista
But suppose she said she loved me?
Would you still love her or would you dismiss her?
What is pure? Who is pure?
Is it European? I ain't sure
If the whole world was to come through peace and love
Then what would we be made of?
Excuse us for the news
You might not be amused
But did you know White comes from Black
No need to be confused
Excuse us for the news
I question those accused
Why is this fear of Black from White
Influence who you choose?

Man, I don't want your wife
Stop screamin', it's not the end of your life
(But suppose she said she loved me?)
What's wrong with some color in your family tree?
I don't know, hey, I'm just a rhyme sayer
Skins protected 'gainst the ozone layers
Breakdown, 2001
Might be best to be Black or just Brown, countdown


I've been wonderin' why people livin' in fear of my shade
(Or my high-top fade)
I'm not the one that's runnin', but they got me on the run
Treat me like I had a gun
All I got is genes and chromosomes
Consider me Black to the bone
All I want is peace and love on this planet
Ain't how that God planned it?
Excuse us for the news
You might not be amused
But did you know White comes from Black
No need to be confused
Excuse us for the news
I question those accused
Why is this fear of Black from White
Influence who you choose?EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
They claim we're products from the bottom of hell
Cause the black is back and it's bound to sell
Picture us cooling out on the Fourth of July
And if you heard we were celebrating, that's a worldwide lie
Yo Chuck, the fat generals man, trying to pull a 226 on you, G! Yo man, show 'em what you got!

This style seems wild
Wait before you treat me like a stepchild
Let me tell you why they got me on file
Cause I give you what you lack, come right and exact
Our status is the saddest so I care where you at, black
And at home I got a call from Tony Rome
The FBI was tappin' my telephone
I never live alone, I never walk alone
My posse's always ready, and they're waitin' in my zone
Although I live the life that of a resident
But I be knowin' the scheme that of the president
Tappin' my phone whose crews abused
I stand accused of doing harm, cause I'm louder than a bomb

Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
I am a rock hard trooper to the bone, the bone, the bone
Full grown, consider me - stone
Once again and I say it for you to know
The troop is always ready, I yell "Geronimo!"
Your CIA, you see I ain't kiddin'
Both King and X, they got rid of both
A story untold, true but unknown
Professor Griff knows, "Yo, I ain't milquetoast!"
And not the braggin' or boastin' and plus it ain't no secret
Why they're tappin' my phone, although I can't keep it a secret
So I decided to kick it, yo
And yes it weighs a ton, I say it once again
I'm called the enemy, I'll never be a friend
Of those with closed minds, don't know I'm rapid
The way that I rap it Is makin' 'em tap it, yeah
Never servin' 'em well, cause I'm an un-Tom
It's no secret at all 'cause I'm louder than a bomb

Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!) (Yeah!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
(It's yours!)
Cold holdin' the load, the burden breakin' the mold
I ain't lyin' denyin', cause they're checkin' my code
Am I buggin' cause they're buggin' my phone - for information
No tellin' who's sellin' out - power buildin' the nation so
Joinin' the set, the point blank target
Every brothers inside, so least not, you forget, no
Takin' the blame is not a waste, here taste
A bit of the song so you can never be wrong
Just a bit of advice, cause we be payin' the price
Cause every brother mans life is like swingin' the dice, right?
Here it is, once again this is the brother to brother
The Terminator, the cutter
Goin' on an' on - leave alone the grown
Get it straight in '88, an' I'll troop it to demonstrate
The posse always ready - 98 at 98
My posse come quick, because my posse got velocity
Tappin' my phone, they never leave me alone
I'm even lethal when I'm unarmed
Cause I'm louder than a bomb

Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!) (Yeah!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
(Right)
Cause the D is for dangerous, you can come and get some of this
I teach and speak, so when it's spoke, it's no joke
The voice of choice, the place shakes with bass
(Called one for the treble) The rhythm is the rebel
Here's a funky rhyme that they're tappin' on
Just thinkin' I'm breakin' the beats I'm rappin' on
CIA, FBI, all they tell us is lies
And when I say it, they get alarmed
Cause I'm louder than a bomb3EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
You're quite hostile
I got a right to be hostile, man, my people are being persecuted!
"Chuck, Chuck, Chuck, run, run, run a power move on them"

With vice, I hold the mic device
With force, I keep it away of course
And I'm keeping you from sleeping
And on a stage, I rage, and I'm rollin'
And to the poor, I pour in on in metaphors
I'm not bluffing, it's nothing that we ain't did before
We played, you stayed, the points made
You consider it done by the prophets of rage
(Power of the people say)

Yo Griff, you and S1W's get to the East side
We gotta kick it to the East side, G!

I roll with the punches, so I survive
Try to rock 'cause it keeps the crowd alive
I'm not ballin', I'm just callin'
But I'm past the days of yes-y'allin'
I wiggle round and round, I pump, you jump up
Hear my words, my verbs and get (Juiced up, juiced up!)
I been around a while, you can't describe my sound
Clear the way for the prophets of rage
(Power of the people say)
Ay yo Griff, we gotta get to my man Ralph in the South
Let's kick it to the South side, G!

I rang ya bell, can you tell I got feeling?
A just peace, at least, 'cause I want it
I want it so bad that I'm starving
I'm like Garvey, so you can see, B?
It's like that, I'm like Nat, leave me the hell alone
If you don't think I'm a brother, then check my chromosome
And then you check the stage, I declare it a new age
Get down for the prophets of rage
(Can you kick it like this?)

"Okay, okay, come on" (Ugh!)
"Okay, okay, come on" (Ugh!)
"Okay, okay, come on" (Get down!) (Ugh!)
"Okay, okay, come on" (Yo, kick it, Chuck!) (Ugh!)
Come on!

"Get-get-get a little stupid! (How-how-how stupid?)
Get a little stup-get-get a little stupid! (Aw, yeah!)
Get a little-get a little-get a little stupid!
Stup-stup-stup-stup-stup-stup-stupid!
Get-get-get-get a little stupid! (Come on, now!)
Get-get-get-get a little stupid! (Ha!)
Get a little-get a little-get a little stupid! (Come on!)
Get a little-get a little-get a little-get a little stupid!"
Ay yo, kick it for the West side!

You back the track, you find we're the quotable
You emulate -- brothers, sisters, that's beautiful
Follow a path of positivity you go
Some sing it or rap it or harmonize it through go-go
Little you know, but very seldom I do party jams
About a plan, I'm considered the man
I'm the recordable, God made it affordable
I say it, you play it back in your car, even portable
(Stereo, stereo) Describes my scenario
Left or right, Black or White
Attack lies in the books that you're readin'
It's knowledge of yourself that you're needin'
I'm like Vesey or Prosser, we have a reason why
To debate the hate, that's why we're born to die
Mandela, cell dweller, Thatcher
You can tell her clear the way for the prophets of rage
(Power of the people you say)

"Okay, okay, come on" (Ugh!)
"Okay, okay, come on" (Ugh!) (Yo! Yo, man!)
"Okay, okay, come on" (Yo, G!) (Ugh!)
"Okay, okay, come on" (Ay yo! Yo, G!)
(Yo, kick it! Chuck, man!) (Ugh!)
Come on!
"Get-get-get a little stupid! (Yeah, yeah, yeah!)
Get a little stup-get-get a little stupid! (Come on, now!)
Get a little-get a little-get a little stupid! (Just shake it!)
Stup-stup-stup-stup-stup-stup-stupid! (Shake it, shake it! Come on, y'all!)
Get-get-get-get a little stupid! (Ha!)
Get-get-get-get a little stupid! (Yeah! Come on, come on!)
Get a little-get a little-get a little stupid! (Shake -- come on!)
Get a little-get a little-get a little-get a little stupid!"

Yo, yo! North side, North side, G!

It's raw and keeping you on the floor
Its soul and keeping you in control
It's part two 'cause I'm pumping what you're used to
'Til the whole Juice Crew gets me in my goose down
I do the rebel yell (And I'm a Duracell!)
I call it plain insane, brothers causing me pain
When a brother's a victim
And the sellers a dweller in a cage
(Yo, run the acapella G)
(Power of the people say)

"You're quite hostile"1EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy