This speech is my recital, I think it's very vital
To rock a rhyme that's right on time, "It's Tricky" is the title (Here we go)

It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky
It's tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky
It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky
Tr-tr-tr-tricky, tricky, tricky

I met this little girlie, her hair was kind of curly
Went to her house and bust her out, I had to leave real early
These girls are really sleazy, all they just say is, "Please me"
Or spend some time and rock a rhyme, I said, "It's not that easy"

It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky (How is it D?)
It's tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky
It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky
Tricky, tricky, tricky

In New York, the people talk and try to make us rhyme
They really hawk, but we just walk because we have no time
And in the city, it's a pity 'cause we just can't hide
Tinted windows don't mean nothin', they know who's inside
It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky (How is it D?)
Tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky
It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky
Tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky, huh

When I wake up, people take up mostly all of my time
I'm not singin', phone keep ringin' 'cause I make up a rhyme
I'm not braggin', people naggin' 'cause they think I'm a star
Always tearin' what I'm wearin', I think they're goin' too far
A girl named Carol follows Darryl every gig we play
Then D dissed her and dismissed her, now she's jockin' Jay
I ain't lyin', girls be cryin' 'cause I'm on TV
They even bother my poor father 'cause he's down with me

It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky (How is it?)
Tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky
It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky
Tr-tr-tr-tr-tricky, tr-tr-tr-tr-tr-tr-tr

We are not thugs, we don't use drugs, but you assume on your own
They offer coke and lots of dope, but we just leave it alone
It's like that, y'all, y'all, but we don't quit
You keep on rock shock 'cause this is it25EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Now there's a backseat lover that's always undercover
And I talk 'til my daddy say
Said, "You ain't seen nothing 'til you're down on a muffin"
"And there's sure to be a change in ways"
Now, there's a cheerleader that's a real big bleeder
As far as I can reminisce
But the best thing of loving was her sister and her cousin
And it started with a little kiss, like this

See-saw swinging with the boys in school
And her feet was flying up in the air
Singing, "Hey diddle diddle with the kitty in the middle"
And they swinging like it just don't care
So I took a big chance at the high school dance
With a lady who was ready to play
It wasn't me she was foolin' 'cause she knew what was she was doin'
When she told me how to walk this way
She told me to

Walk this way, talk this way
Walk this way, talk this way (She told me to)
Walk this way, talk this way
Walk this way, talk this way
Well, just gimme a kiss
Ooh, like this
School girl sleazy with a classy kind of sassy
Little skirt hanging way up her knee
It was three young ladies in the school gym locker
And they found they were looking at D
I was a high school loser, never made it with a lady
'Til the boys told me something I missed
That my next door neighbor with a daughter had a favor
And I gave the girl a little kiss, like this

See-saw swinging with the boys in the school
With your feet flying up in the air
Singing, "Hey diddle diddle, with your kitty in the middle"
I was swinging like I didn't care
So I took a big chance at the high school dance
With a missy who was ready to play
Wasn't me she was foolin' when she knew what she was doin'
When she told me how to walk this way
She told me to

Walk this way, talk this way
Walk this way, talk this way (She told me to)
Walk this way, talk this way
Walk this way, talk this way
Well, just gimme some head
Like this18EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Now Peter Piper picked peppers, but Run rocked rhymes
Humpty Dumpty fell down, that's his hard time
Jack B. Nimble was nimble and he was quick
But Jam Master cut faster, Jack's on Jay's dick
Now Little Bo Peep cold lost her sheep
And Rip Van Winkle fell the hell asleep
And Alice chilling somewhere in Wonderland
Jack's serving Jill a bucket in his hand
And Jam Master Jay's making all that sound
The turntables might wobble, but they don't fall down

Now Dr. Seuss and Mother Goose both did their thing
But Jam Master's getting loose and D.M.C.'s the king
'Cause he's adult entertainer, child educator
Jam Master Jay king of the crossfader
He's the better of the best, best believe he's the baddest
Perfect timing when I'm climbing, I'm a rhyming apparatus
Lot of guts, when he cuts, girls move their butts
His name is Jay, hear the play, he must be nuts
And on the mix real quick and I'd like to say
He's not Flash, but he's fast and his name is Jay

It, it goes a one, two, three, and
Jay's like King Midas as I was told
Everything that he touch turn to gold
He's the greatest of the greater, get it straight, he's great
Playing fame 'cause his name is known in every state
His name is Jay, to see him play, will make you say
"God damn that DJ made my day"
Like the butcher, the baker, the candlestick maker
He's a maker, a breaker, and a title taker
Like the little old lady who lived in a shoe
If cuts were kids he would be due
Not lying y'all, he's the best I know
And if I lie my nose will grow
Like a little wooden boy named Pinocchio
And you all know how the story go

Tricks are for kids, he plays much gigs
He's a big bad wolf and you're the three pigs
He's a big bad wolf in your neighborhood
Not bad meaning bad, but bad meaning good

There it is

We're Run-D.M.C., got a beef to settle
D's not Hansel, he's not Gretel
Jay's a winner, not a beginner
His pocket gets fat, others get thinner
J-j-j-j-j, jump on Jay like cow jumps moon
People chase Jay like dish and spoon
And like all fairy tales end
You'll see Jay again my friend, huh8EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Unemployment at a record high
People coming, people going, people born to die
Don't ask me, because I don't know why
But it's like that, and that's the way it is

People in the world tryin to make ends meet
You try to ride car, train, bus, or feet
I said you got to work hard, you want to compete
It's like that, and that's the way it is
Huh!

Money is the key to end all your woes
Your ups, your downs, your highs and your lows
Won't you tell me the last time that love bought you clothes?
It's like that, and that's the way it is
Bills rise higher every day
We receive much lower pay
I'd rather stay young, go out and play
It's like that, and that's the way it is
Huh!
Wars going on across the sea
Street soldiers killing the elderly
Whatever happened to unity?
It's like that, and that's the way it is
Disillusion is the word
That's used by me when I'm not heard
I just go through life with my glasses blurred
It's like that, and that's the way it is
Huh!
You can see a lot in this lifespan
Like a bum eating out of a garbage can
You noticed one time he was your man
It's like that (what?) and that's the way it is
You should have gone to school, you could've learned a trade
But you laid in the bed where the bums have laid
Now all the time you're crying that you're underpaid
It's like that (what?) and that's the way it is
Huh!
One thing I know is that life is short
So listen up homeboy, give this a thought
The next time someone's teaching why don't you get taught?
It's like that (what?) and that's the way it is
If you really think about it times aren't that bad
The one that flexes with successes will make you glad
Stop playing start praying, you won't be sad
It's like that (what?) and that's the way it is
Huh!
When you feel you fail sometimes it hurts
For a meaning in life is why you search
Take the bus or the train, drive to school or the church
It's like that, and that's the way it is
Here's another point in life you should not miss
Do not be a fool who's prejudiced
Because we're all written down on the same list
It's like that (what?) and that's the way it is
Huh!
You know it's like that, and that's the way it is
Because it's like that, and that's the way it is
(Repeat these lines til fade)7EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
My Adidas walk through concert doors
And roam all over coliseum floors
I stepped on stage, at Live Aid
All the people gave, and the poor got paid
And out of speakers I did speak
I wore my sneakers but I'm not a sneak
My Adidas touch the sand of a foreign land
With mic in hand, I cold took command
My Adidas and me close as can be
We make a mean team, my Adidas and me
We get around together, we're down forever
And we won't be mad when caught in bad weather
My Adidas
(Uh)
My Adidas
(Uh)
Yo, what's up?

My Adidas, standin' on two fifth street
Funky fresh and yes, cold on my feet
With no shoestring in 'em, I did not win 'em
I bought 'em off the ave' with the black Lee denim
I like to sport 'em, that's why I brought 'em
A sucker tried to steal 'em so I caught 'em and I fought 'em
And I walk down the street, and bop to the beat
With Lee on my legs and Adidas on my feet
And so now I'm just standin' here shootin' the gip
Me and D and my Adidas standing on two fifth
My Adidas
My Adidas
Now me and my Adidas do the illest things
We like to stomp out pimps with diamond rings
We slay all suckers who perpetrate
And lay down law from state to state
We travel on gravel, dirt road or street
I wear my Adidas when I rock the beat
On stage front page, every show I go
It's Adidas on my feet, high top or low
My Adidas
My Adidas

What up, what up, what up?

Now the Adidas I possess for one man is rare
Myself, homeboy got fifty pair
Got blue and black, 'cause I likes to chill
And yellow and green when it's time to get ill
Got a pair that I wear when I'm playin' ball
With the heel inside, make me ten feet tall

My Adidas only bring good news
And they are not used as felon shoes
They're black and white, white with black stripes
The ones I like to wear when I rock the mic
On the strength of a famous university
We took the beat from the street and put it on TV
My Adidas are seen on the movie screen
Hollywood knows we're good, if you know what I mean
We started in the alley, now we chill in Cali
And I won't trade my Adidas for no  beat up Bally's
My Adidas11EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
It was December 24th on Hollis Ave after dark
When I seen a man chilling with his dog in the park
I approached him very slowly with my heart full of fear
Looked at his dog, oh my God, a ill reindeer
But then I was illin' 'cause the man had a beard
And a bag full of goodies, 12 o'clock had neared
So I turned my head a second and the man was gone
But he must’ve dropped his wallet smack dead on the lawn
I picked the wallet up but then I took a pause
Took out the license and it cold said "Santa Claus"
A million dollars in it, cold hundreds of G's
Enough to buy a boat and matching car with ease
But I'd never steal from Santa, cause that ain't right
So I'm going home to mail it back to him that night
But when I got home I bugged, cause under the tree
Was a letter from Santa and the dough was for me

It's Christmas time in Hollis, Queens
Mom's cookin' chicken and collard greens
Rice and stuffing, macaroni and cheese
And Santa put gifts under Christmas trees
Decorate the house with lights at night
Snow's on the ground, snow white so bright
In the fireplace is the yule log
Beneath the mistletoe as we drink eggnog
The rhymes that you hear are the rhymes of Darryl's
But each and every year we bust Christmas carols
Christmas melodies

Rhymes so loud and proud you hear it
It's Christmas time and we got the spirit
Jack Frost chillin', the hawk is out
And that's what Christmas is all about
The time is now, the place is here
And the whole wide world is filled with cheer

My name's D.M.C. with the mic in my hand
And I'm chilling and coolin' just like a snowman
So open your eyes, lend us an ear
We want to say

Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!15EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Two years ago, a friend of mine
Asked me to say some MC rhymes
So I said this rhyme I'm about to say
The rhyme was Def a-then it went this way
Took a test to become an MC
And Orange Krush became amazed at me
So Larry put me inside his Cad-illac
The chauffeur drove off and we never came back
Dave cut the record down to the bone
And now they got me rockin on the microphone
And then we talkin autograph, and cheers and laugh
Champagne caviar, and bubble bath
But see ahh, ah that's the life, ah that I lead
And you sucker MC's is who I please
So take that and move back catch a heart attack
Because there's nothin in the world, that Run'll ever lack
I cold chill at a party in a b-boy stance
And rock on the mic and make the girls wanna dance
Fly like a Dove, that come from up above
I'm rockin on the mic and you can call me Run-Love

I got a big long Caddy not like a Seville
And written right on the side it reads 'Dressed to Kill'
So if you see me cruisin girls just a-move or step aside
There ain't enough room to fit you all in my ride
It's on a, ah first come, first serve basis
Coolin out girl, take you to the def places
One of a kind and for your people's delight
And for you sucker MC, you just ain't right
Because you're bitin all your life, you're cheatin on your wife
You're walkin round town like a hoodlum with a knife
You're hangin on the ave, chillin with the crew
And everybody know what you've been through
Ah with the one two three, three to two one
My man Larry Larr, my name DJ Run
We do it in the place with the highs and the bass
I'm rockin to the rhythm won't you watch it on my face
Go Uptown and come down to the ground
You sucker MC's, you sad-faced clown
You a five-dollar boy and I'm a-million dollar man
Youse a sucker MC, and you're my fan
You try to bite lines, but rhymes are mine
Youse a sucker MC in a pair of Calvin Kleins
Comin from the wackest, part of town
Tryin to rap up but you can't get down
You don't even know your English, your verb, or noun
You're just a sucker MC, you sad-faced clown
So D.M.C. and if you're ready
The people rockin' steady
You're drivin big cars get your gas from Getty

I'm D.M.C., in the place to be
I go to St. John's University
And since kindergarten I acquired the knowledge
And after 12th grade I went straight to college
I'm light skinned, I live in Queens
And I love eatin chicken and collard greens
I dress to kill, I love the style
I'm an MC you know who's versatile
Say I got good credit in your regards
Got my name not numbers on my credit cards
I go Uptown, I come back home
With who? me, myself, and my microphone
All my rhymes are sweet delight
So here's another one for y'all to bite
When I rhyme, I never quit
And if I got a new rhyme I'll just say it
Cause it takes a lot, to entertain
And sucker MC's can be a pain
You can't rock a party with the hip in hop
You gotta let em know you'll never stop
The rhymes have to make (a lot of sense)
You got to know where to start (when the beats commence..)10EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
I'm the king of rock, there is none higher
Sucker MCs should call me sire
To burn my kingdom, you must use fire
I won't stop rockin' till I retire
Now we rock the party and come correct
Our cuts are on time and rhymes connect
Got the right to vote and will elect
And other rappers can't stand us, but give us respect
They called us and said we're gettin iller
There's no one chiller
It's not Michael Jackson and this is not Thriller
As one def rapper, I know I can hang
I'm Run from Run-DMC, like Kool from Kool and the Gang
Roll to the rock, rock to the roll
DMC stands for devastating mic control
You can't touch me with a ten foot pole
And I even made the devil sell me his soul
Now we crash through walls, cut through floors
Bust through ceilings and knock down doors
And when we're on the tape, we're fresh out the box
You can hear our sound for blocks and blocks
For every living person we're a verbal treat
It's me and DMC, Jay where's the beat?
Now we're the baddest of the bad, the coolest of the cool
I'm DMC, I rock and roll. I'm DJ Run, I rock and rule
It's not a Trick or Treat and it's not a April Fool
It's all brand new, never ever old school
You got the music in your body and you can't comprehend
When your mind won't wiggle and your knees will bend
Music ain't nothin but a people's jam
It's DJ Run-DMC rockin without a band
Now I walked on ice and never fell
I spent my time in a plush hotel
I stood on many stages, held many mics
Take airplane flights, at huge heights
So all you sucker MC's, you gotta say please
Cause when he jumps high, I'm pulling down ree's
Got a song so strong, it's knocking down trees
Is it hard to believe it's Run-DMC
I am from, around the way
And Run goes to school, every day
And Jay plays the records he has to play
And we get down with no delay, HEY!
I rock the party with the words I speak
And Run says the rhymes that are unique
And Jay cuts the records every day of the week
And we are the crew that can never be beat
So don't try to diss me, try to be my friend
Cause if you do, you'll get yours in the end
The rhymes we say, shall set a trend
Because a devestating rap is what we send
Every jam we play, we break two needles
There's three of us but we're not the Beatles
My name is Darryl, you can call him D
You can call me Darryl Mack, or you can call him DMC
People always ask, "DMC, what does it mean?"
D's for never dirty, MC for mostly clean
Like we said before, we rock hardcore
I'm DJ Run, I can scratch. I'm DMC, I can draw
And now we got the knack, to attract
Our rhyme's an aphrodisiac
We'll reign on your brain and rock your knot
When it comes to rock, give it all we got
To be MC's, we got what it takes
Let the poppers pop and the breakers break
We're cool cool cats, it's like that
That's the way it is, so stay the hell back
We're causin hard times, for sucker MC's
Cause they don't make no songs like these
PERIOD!2EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Reporters clock, producers jock
They wanna be down with the King!

Down with the king for years, about ten of 'em
Recruiting suckers mackin' mic, and makin' men of 'em
Tears and fears for my peers, they rippin'
You think that it is, it is, if not it isn't
Race for the border my daughter, 'cause beats you're bangin' out
Jeeps rockin' beats in the streets when there's time for hangin' out
Gather, or rather form a circle around a loud
'Cause brothers or others could never ever rock a crowd
Is it because he's runnin' off with the mouth
Or was he really clearly tryin' to play a nigga out
Nope, shut him down, the king with a crown
'Cause all you wanna be is Diggy Down

Down with the king
The king down with the king 
The king

Two years ago, a friend of mine
Asked me to say some MC rhymes
So I said this rhyme I'm about to say
The rhyme was meeca, and it went this way
Recollect a mecca mic check on the windmill skills
Mac distracts, wearing Godfather hats
It's okay to parlay to forte better
Tell 'em my nigga made a sweater tougher than leather
Swing another Rodney King thing and I'll wreck
But just like the white one I get no respect
Money stay awake, 'cause them other niggas are fake
From Hollis to the Beacon, now your dumb ass is leakin'
C.L. and Run D.M.C. so rush it
Big time weight before Hammer got to touch it
Remember the faces in all types of places
Look Ma, no shoelaces
And I'm
Down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King

I'm takin' the tours, I'm wreckin' the land
I keep it hardcore because it's dope man
These are the roughest toughest words I ever wrote down
Not meant for a ho like a slow jam, check it
Sucka emcees could never swing with D
Because of all the things that I bring with me
Only G-O-D could be a king to me
And if the G-O-D be in me, then the king I be
The microphone is branded when it's handed to me
I was planted on this planet and I plan to emcee
The emcee fiends only seem to agree
That I rock all the world and the society
Outrageous on the stages with a tune of verse
I give praises from these pages to the universe
My voice is raw, my lyrics is law
I keep it hardcore like you never saw

Down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King
I'm the man you see, in the place to be
I went to John Jay University
And since kindergarten I acquired the knowledge
And after twelve grade I went straight to college
Down with the kings on the mic, a full swinger
The P to the R, not an R&B singer
The R to the U-N-D-MC'n
The fly human beings, tonight I hold the key and
Flowin' with the funk track, here to soul brother black
Pick up the bass, better yet leave a space
So let me put my big black twinkie on in to the early mornin'
Had skins yawning'
Mecca? (yo) you want the mecca? (yo)
I'll make a funky beat so we can blow, check it out
Pete Rock's the beat knock, put you in a headlock
And now all the outty out flock is down with the king

Down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King

Down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King Down with the
The King Down with the
The King Down with the
The King Down with the
The King Down with the king7EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Run-D.M.C
Live for you, fresh


For all you sucker MCs perpetratin' a fraud
Your rhymes are cold wack and keep the crowd cold bored
You're the kind of guy that girl ignored
I'm drivin' a Caddy, you fixin' a Ford
My name is Joseph Simmons, but my middle name's Ward
And when I'm rockin' on the mic, you should all applaud
Because we're wheelin', dealin', we got a funny feelin'
We rock from the floor up to the ceilin'
We groove it, you move it, it has been proven
We calm the savage beast because our music is soothin'
We create it, relate it, and often demonstrate it
We'll diss a sucker MC, make the other suckers hate it
We're risin', suprisin', and often hypnotizin'
We always tell the truth and then we never slip no lies in
No curls, no braids peasy-head and still get paid
Jam Master cut the record up and down and cross-fades

Because the rhymes I say sharp as a nail
Witty as can be and not for sale
Always funky fresh, could never be stale
Took a test to become an MC and didn't fail
I couldn't wait to demonstrate
All the super def rhymes that I create
I'm a wizard of a word, that's what you heard
And anything else is quite absurd
I'm the master of a mic, that's what I say
And if I didn't say that, you'd say it any way
Bust into the party, come in the place
See the first things come, the music in your face
Girls on the walls, some on the floor
With the DJ named Jay with the cuts galore
So listen to this because it can't be missed
And you can't leave 'til you're dismissed
You can do anything that you want to
But you can't leave until we're through
So relax your body and your mind
And listen to us say this rhyme, hey
You might think that you have waited
Long enough 'til the rhyme was stated
But if it were a test it would be graded
With a grade that's not debated
Nothing too deep and nothing dense
And all our rhymes make a lot of sense
So move your butt to the cut
Run amok, you're not in a rut
Each and everybody out there, we got the notion
We want to see y'all all in motion
Just shake, wiggle, jump up and down
Move your body to the funky sound
Side to side, back and forth
We're the two MCs and we're gonna go off
Stand in place, walk or run
Tap your feet, you'll be on the one
Just snap your fingers and clap your hands
Our DJ's better than all these bands
Huh
We got all the lines and all the rhymes
We don't drop dimes and we don't do crimes
We bake a little cake with Duncan Hines
And never wear the pants they call the Calvin Kleins
'Cause Calvin Klein's no friend of mine
Don't want nobody's name on my behind
Lee on my legs, sneakers on my feet
D by my side and Jay with the beat (Beat)

Jay, Jay, Jay, Jay, uh, uh
We don't stop
Don't, don't stop (Jay)
One, one, two, two, three, three
The, the Hollis, Hollis crew, crew
For, for, for, for, for the love now
Cool T now, hah, hah
My man, my man
My, my man Jam Master
In, in his place to be (Jay, Jay, Jay, Jay, Jay)
The big beat blaster
Wailin', straight up rap
Countin' green
All the way live
Re-Remember you don't stop
And, and, and, and you don't stop
R-R-Rock, rock the spot
Stick 'em and you don't stop, hah (Stick 'em)
Run rocks it well, huh, well, well
A-with the clientele
Krush Groove (Young ladies in the place)
We're-We're, we're-we're (Bass)
We're-we're, we're-we're in the hottest place
Ha (Cold Crush), so Larry
Homeboys
Now we're talkin' autographs
Talkin' autographs and autographs
Fly girls in the place
Homeboys
Hollis Crew7EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yo, Jay (Wait)
One (Wait)
Two
Three
Four

One day when I was chillin' in Kentucky Fried Chicken
Just mindin' my business, eatin' food and finger lickin'
This dude walked in lookin' strange and kind of funny
Went up to the front with a menu and his money
He didn't walk straight, kind of side-to-side
He asked this old lady, "Yo, yo, um, is this Kentucky Fried?"
The lady said "Yeah", smiled and he smiled back
He gave a quarter and his order, small fry and Big Mac

You be illin' (Yo, yo, what you tell that kid?), illin'
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin'

To-day you won a ticket to see Doctor J
Front row seat (In free), no pay
Radio in hand, snacks by feet
Game's about to start, you kickin' popcorn to the beat
You finally wake up, Doc's gone to town
Round his back, through the hoop, then you scream, "Touchdown!"
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin' (Run, what you tell that kid?)
You be illin', illin'

The other day around the way I seen you illin' at a party
Drunk as a skunk, you illin', punk, and in your left hand was Bacardi
You went up to this fly girl and said "Yo, yo, can I get this dance?"
She smelled your breath and then she left you standin' in your illin' stance

You be illin', illin' (You know what your problem is?)
You be illin', illin' (Yo, Run, what you tell that kid?)
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin'

For dinner, you ate it, there is none left
It was salty, with butter and it was def
You proceeded to eat it 'cause you was in the mood
But, holmes, you did not read it was a can of dog food

You be illin', illin' (Uh, illin'? I be chillin')
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin' (Yo, what he doin'?)
You be illin'
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin' (You, you, you, you)
You be illin', illin' (You, you, you, you, you, you, you)
You be illin', illin' (Yo, yo)
You be illin', ill-illin' (Yo, homeboy)
You be illin', illin' (Who, me?)
You be illin', illin', ill-ill-illin'
You be illin', ill-ill-ill-ill-illin'
Yo, I know you ain't talkin' to me (Illin')
Man, you ain't sayin' nothin' (Illin')
Ill-illin' (Man, why don't you drop this beat?)
Talkin' 'bout my moms? Talkin' 'bout my moms?3EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Kings from Queens, from Queens come kings
We're raisin' hell like a class when the lunch bell rings
The king will be praised and hell will be raised
S-S-S-Suckers try to faze him, but D won't be fazed
So what's your name? D.M.C., the King is me
Your Highness, or His Majesty
Now you can debate, you c-c-c-concentrate
But you can't imitate D.M.C. the Great
Dissin' all devils, causin' havoc in Hell
At a very high level bass and treble shall yell
Heard in the heavens are the sounds supreme
So clear to the ear it is sometimes seen
So loud like a cloud with thunder and lightning
So proud to the crowd it is somewhat frightening
No calm in the storm like a beast unleashed
There's no stoppin' 'cause the rockin' cannot cease, break

You see it's harder than hard, not one bit soft
Courageous and contagious, so you better break North
Not a cold, on a roll, did you hear me cough?
Just listen while I'm dissin' 'cause you're pissin' me off
Cold bedding is spreading all across your face
You can't take when I break and if that's the case
I'll go on and on and kick the bass
So back up off the cup while I take my taste
It's highly appraised when the hell is raised
So demanding and commanding that you all stand dazed
The unbelieving receiving prophecy so true
I cut the head off the devil and I throw it at you
My mighty mic control already brought his soul
The rock king is so bold when he rocks and roll
A black hat is my crown, symbolizin' the sound
Signifyin', we won't play around, bust it

Rhymin' and climbin', beat-makin' every day
No synthesizer sound, so silence when I say
I am great, get it straight, 'cause that's by fate
My name is Run, I'm number one, that's how I rate
He's in the place with the bass, and style and grace
His name is Jay, he's here to play and win this race
He's off the wall, on the ball, his name is D
Kind of tall, yes, y'all, he's down with me

From the mountain valley to the deep blue sea
The word is heard as told by D
I don't sing, I bring much delight
Like a star shinin' bright in the darkest night
If you are cold, I'll bring you heat
Like I brought the whole world my funky beat
Mysterious and serious, I ain't no joke
Fire from the depths of hell and you can smell the smoke
Kickin' and tickin' while you're havin' a ball
Like chicken, finger lickin' I'll be vickin' you all
So do The Bird, have you heard, did they give you a call?
Just me and D.M.C., cold shakin' the walls
There's no fearin' when hearin' sound of this kind
Across the land every man is goin' out of his mind
On the face of the earth spreading like disease
Contaminating, infiltrating like a horde of bees

Lord of lyrics, duke of discussion
Ruler of rock, and king at cold-crushin'
Puller of people, controller of crowds
Lingering lyrics, long-lasting and loud
Left, y'all, a-to the left, y'all
Because I rock up on the mic real def, y'all
And to the right, y'all, a-to the right, y'all
Because I rock up on the mic all night, y'all

You see, I want respect, if I'm correct
They're all like a ball that I have checked
And the shots they take have no effect
The punk tried to dunk, but he broke his neck
'Cause I rock harder and I get farther
You wanna battle D? Hey, please, don't bother
To waste your time, messin' with my rhyme
The only kick you'll get out of it is in your behind4EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Kick off shoes, jump on the jock
Listen to the Jam Master as he starts to rock
His name is Jay and he's on his way
To be the best DJ in the US of A
J-a-y are the letters of his name
Cutting and scratching are the aspects of his game
So check out the Master as he cuts these jams
And look at us with the mics in our hands
Then take a count, 1 2 3
Jam Master Jay, Run-D.M.C
He's Jam Master Jay, the big beat blaster
He gets better cause he knows he has to
In '84 he'll be a little faster
And only practice makes a real Jam Master
We're live as can be but we're not singing the blues
We got to tell all y'all the good news
The good news is that there is a crew
Not 5, not 4, not 3, just 2
2 MC's who are claiming the fame
And all other things won't be the same
Beacause it's about time for a brand new group
Run-D.M.C. to put you up on the scoop
We make the fly girls scream in ecstacy
We rock the freshest rhymes at a party
We put all the fellas in a daze
It's everyone that we amaze
And we got the master of a disco scratch
There's not a break that he can't catch
Jam Master Jay that is his name
And all wild DJ's he will tame
Behind the turntables is where he stands
Then there is the movement of his hands
So when asked who's the best, y'all should say:
"Run-D.M.C. and Jam Master Jay"
Jam Master Jay is the one in charge
It's up to him to rock beats that are truly large
He is the master of the scratch and cut
So move your arms, so move your legs
So won't you move your butt
We're not talking ground, we're not talking sky
We're not talking low, we're not talking high
We're not talking big, we're not talking small
We want all of the people on off the wall
We're not talking night, we're not talking day
But we're talking bout Jam Master Jay1EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
We have (“Say what?”) a whole lot of superstars on this stage here tonight, but I want y’all to know one thing, this is my house. And when I say who’s house, y’all know what time it is

Whose house? (“Say what?”)
Run’s house

Ah, once again my friend, not a trend for then
They said, rap was crap, but never had this band
Till the ruler came with a cooler name
Made ya dance and prance and drove the fans insane
Name is Run my son, number one for fun
Not a gun, that’s done, and get done by none
The other act, in fact, ya just wack I kill (Why?)
It’s fun, my son, and Run heads the bill

Whose house? (“Say what?”)
Run’s house (“Say what?”)
Whose house? (“Say what?”)
Run’s house (“Say what?”)

I’m in the house y’all
I’m in the house y’all
And this is how D.M.C. will turn it out y’all
I’m in the house y’all
I’m in the house y’all
And this is what D.M.C. be about y’all
Well my name is DMC, the all-time great (great)
I bust the most rhymes in New York state (state)
Reporters clock (clock), producers jock (jock)
They want to be down with the ki-i-ing
The wanted man (man) from the wanted clan (clan)
Wanted by every fan (fan) across the land (land)
Not a G.A.N.G. off the street (street)
(R-U-N-D-M-C complete!)

Whose house? (“Say what?”)
Run’s house (“Say what?”)
Whose house? (“Say what?”)
Run’s house (“Say what?”)

“Run—Run—Run-Run-Run—Run”
“Run—Run—Run-Run-Run”

Get on the mic and (MC)

Another time I take for the rhyme I make
Make me mad and sad, because the fad is fake
See I do this thing, so come pursue this king
One minor rhyme is all you just bring
Cause I’m the best I’m def, ask the rest they left
That’s my name, my game, and we don’t need the ref
So get the booze you lose and suckas close your mouth
I set a trap for rap thats crap, it’s Run’s house
Whose house? (“Say what?”)
Run’s house (“Say what?”)
Whose house? (“Say what?”)
Run’s house (“Say what?”)

Some underestimate and miscalculate
My intent to create what I call the great
Till I make a song (song) that I prove ‘em wrong (wrong)
See my song so strong it’ll make em come along (long)
Come in the door (door), get on the floor (floor)
Hard rock hard hitting hip hop hardcore (core)
Causing casualties and catastrophes
And tragedies for the suck emcees
Using strategies to get the best of me
You dirty rat emcees, whoever you may be
You need to go down south (south)
You need to shut your mouth (mouth)
It’s all about no doubt, just shout, cause we turn it out

Whose house? (“Say what?”)
Run’s house (“Say what?”)
Whose house? (“Say what?”)
Run’s house (“Say what?”)
“Say what? Say what?”
“Say what? Say what?”
“Say what?”1EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Hard times spreading just like the flu
Watch out homeboy, don't let it catch you
P-p-p-prices go up, don't let your pocket go down
When you got short money you're stuck on the ground
Turn around, get ready, keep your eye on the clock
And be on point for the future shock

Hard times
Hard times

Hard times are coming to your town
So stay alert, don't let them get you down
They tell you times are tough, you hear that times are hard
But when you work for that ace you know you pulled the right card
Hard times got our pockets all in chains
I'll tell you what, homeboy, it don't have my brain
All day I have to work at my peak
Because I need that dollar every day of the week

Hard times
Hard times
Hard times can take you on a natural trip
So keep your balance, and don't you slip
Hard times is nothing new on me
I'm gonna use my strong mentality
Like the cream of the crop, like the crop of the cream
B-b-b-beating hard times, that is my theme
Hard times in life, hard times in death
I'm gonna keep on fighting to my very last breath

Hard times
Hard times
Hard times
Hard times
Hard times
Hard times2EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
“Mary, Mary!” Why ya buggin’?
“Mary, Mary!” I need ya huggin’

Had a fly girl Flo, called her honey
Next thing she spent up all my money
Had me in debt, you and your girl’s dizzy
Stopped movin’ crack, but you’re still gettin’ pissy
You could call me everyday God sent
Like you was Lois Lane and I was Clark Kent
I spend and I spend and you spent and you spent
Now my house with a mouse is a roach with a tent

“Mary, Mary!” Why ya buggin’?
“Mary, Mary!” I need ya huggin’

Mary-Mary-Mary, you cold thumb suckin’
Lookin’ for you, but you keep duckin’
I wanna find you, I gotta tell you somethin’
So just be quiet and don’t say (Nuttin’)
Mary-Mary-Mary, why you out there stuntin’?
Supposed to be with me, but not you’re frontin’
We started out new, you used to be true
Now you’re buggin’, what’s wrong with you?
“Mary, Mary!” Why ya buggin’?
“Mary, Mary!” I need ya huggin’

Now! This girl Mary I knew so well
I met her on the road in a fly hotel
High on the heels and never failed
(Clubs and the pubs is where she dwelled)
Story about Mary was well to tell
She seemed to scheme for a dream to sell
She spent a night locked in a cell
I knew Mary well cause she “Raising Hell”

“Mary, Mary!” Why ya buggin’?
“Mary, Mary!” I need ya huggin’

It’s not Mary who was quite contrary
Talkin’ bout Mary who was always in a hurry
The things she needed were necessary
She did not need, a busted cherry
True and blue just like a blueberry
Ask if she’s crazy and I’ll say very
Livin’ in a house that’s out on the prairie
I worry about Mary, cause Mary is scary
“Mary, Mary!” Why ya buggin’?
“Mary, Mary!” I need ya huggin’
“Mary, Mary!” Why ya buggin’?
“Mary, Mary!” I need ya huggin’
“Mary, Mary!” Why ya buggin’?4EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
You know I'm proud to be Black, y'all
And that's a fact, y'all
And if you try to take what's mine, I'll take it back, y'all
It's like that

Licky-licky-licky-licky-licky-licky-licky-licky
Listen, party people, here's a serious song
It's right not wrong, I should say right on
I gotta tell you somethin' that you all should know
It's not a mystery, it's history, and here's how it go
Now Harriet Tubman was born a slave
She was a tiny Black woman, but she was brave
She was livin' to be givin', there's a lot that she gave
There's not a slave in this day and age, I'm proud to be

Black, goddamn, I'm tired, my man
Don't worry 'bout what color I am
Because I'll show you how ill this man can act
It could never be fiction, 'cause it is all fact
And if you get in my way, I will not turn back
I'm proud of my name, my name is Darryl Mack
I'm Black and I'm proud, and I'll say it out loud
I'll share my story with the whole crowd, uh
You know I'm proud to be Black, y'all
And that's a fact, y'all
And if you try to take what's mine, I'll take it back, y'all
It's like that

DJ Run and I'm running things
You can hear it loud and clear like when the school bell rings
Like Martin Luther King, I will do my thing
I'll say it in a rap 'cause I do not sing

D.M.C., the man that's causin' the grief
I got a message for the world, so listen up, it's brief
Like Malcolm X said, I won't turn the right cheek
Got the strength to go the length if you wanna start beef, start beef

You know I'm proud to be Black, y'all
And real brave, y'all
And motherfucker, I could never be a slave, y'all
So take that

Gonna tell ya somethin', put your mind in a swirl
God bless the next baby that comes in this world
The world's full of hate, discrimination and sin
People judgin' other people by the color of skin
I'll attack this matter in my own way
Man, I ain't no slave, I ain't bailin' no hay
Written a deposition, in any condition
Don't get in my way, 'cause I'm full of ambition
I'm proud to be Black and I ain't takin no crap
I'm fresh out the pack and I'm proud to be Black, so take that
There was a man, an inventor, who invented so well
He invented a fortune for a man named Bell
George Washington Carver made the peanut great
Showed any man with a mind could create
You read about Malcolm X in the history text
Jesse Owens broke records, Ali broke necks
What's wrong with ya, man? How can you be so dumb?
Like Dr. King said, "We shall overcome"1EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
 How y'all feel out there?

Aww yeah! Alright! Aight, check this out
One two three, in the place to be
As it is plain to see
He is DJ Run, and I am D.M.C
Funky fresh for 1983
DJ Jam Master Jay
Inside the place with all the bass
He leaves without a trace
And he came here tonight to get on your case
And we are.. the krush groovin', the body-movin'
The record makin, AND the record breakin'
And it goes a little somethin like this..
It goes a one two three and

Here we go.. here we go
Here we go, here we go, here we here we here we go
D.M.C. and DJ Run, dum diddy-dum diddy-diddy-dum-dum
We're rockin on the mic and then you know where we're from
Dum diddy-dum diddy-diddy-dum-dum
We hope y'all ready for the big beat drum
Drum diddy-drum diddy-diddy-drum-drum
So people in the place here the big beat come
Here it come, here it come, here it kiddi-come-come
Come on everybody let's all get down
What we have is a brand new sound
So nobody out there be misled
We make up all these rhymes inside our head
The other MC's cannot compete
When we rap on the mic to this big beat
The beat is big it's kind of large
And when we're on the mic, WE'RE IN CHARGE!
It's like that y'all (that y'all)
It's like that y'all (that y'all)
It's like that-a-tha-that, a-like that y'all (that y'all)
Cool chief rocker, I don't drink vodka
But keep a bag of cheeba inside my locker (HUH!)
Go to school everyday (HUH!)
Always time to get paid (HA HUH!)
'Cause I'm rockin' on the mic until the break of day

And now the things I do make me a star
And you can be too if know who you are
Just put your mind to it, you'll go real far
And the next thing you know you'll have a big car

A-liggy liggy liggy liggy liggy
Listen to the beat, here I say
Because it's not routine, it's the way I play (Hahh-AHH)
Spit come out my mouth all time of the day; a then ahh
And most the time, Jam Master Jay

Hey they used to call me Easy Dee
Because I rapped on the mic so easily
But now they call me D.M.C
(HE'S) D.M.C. of the par-ty
The D's for doin it all of the time
M is for the rhymes, that are all mine
C's for cool cool as can be
(And why you wear those glasses?) So I can see!
Rhymes so def, rhymes rhymes galore
Rhymes that you've never even heard before
Now if you say you heard my rhyme, we gonna have to fight
'Cause I just made the motherfuckers up last night
Kick off your shoes, relax your feet
Party on down to the DJ Run beat
The beat to get you up and get you outta your seat
Make you boogie to this (party) cause you know it's unique
Wait a tiny minute, don't break on me
My rhymes come faster as the DJ Cheese
The DJ cuts the record for the valley below
Then I boogie your ass, til it's time to go
And when it's time to go GIRLS, takin' you home
So straighten your dress up, bout your hair use a comb

Well I'm the microphone master, super rhyme maker
I get def as the others get faker
It's me D.M.C. in the place to be
And I still got the same old harmony
I'm the Deva-STATIN, Mic Controller
The word wi-zard and the chief rock HOLDER
Bad b-boy made for the b-girls
Rock rulin' rhymes as the turntable twirls
Supreme leader was born to talk
And over any 'corded rap king, I'll exalt(?)
I'm from Hollis Queens and the games we play
See these games most everyday
People ridin' round town, think hot rods
Get paid real well, don't have jobs
We've got pickpockets, thieves, gamblin' man
Bettin' twenty to one, right against your friend
We've got 'em all out there, doin' their best
Play slick games and avoid arrest
Now the games of life, are really fun
But you had to play the game until the game is done
So play on..

.. to the break of dawn
As we rock y'all on to the early morn'
He's JAM MASTER JAY, the big beat blaster
HE gets better cause he know HE HAS TO
It's eighty-three and he's a little faster
And only practice MAKES A REAL JAM MASTER
JMJ ARE THE LETTERS OF HIS NAME
Cuttin' and scratchin' ARE THE ASPECTS OF HIS GAME
So check out the Master as he cuts THESE JAMS
Then look at us with the mics in our hands
Then take a count, one two three
Jam Master Jay, (Run)-D.M.C.!!1EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Shut up!!!
You talk too much
You talk too much
You talk too much
You talk too much

Hey!  You over there, I know about your kind
You're like the Independent Network News on Channel 9
Everywhere that you go, no matter where you at
I said you talk about this, and you talk about that
When the cat took your tongue, I say you took it right back
Your mouth is so big, one bite would kill a Big Mac

You talk too much
You never shut up
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never shut up

You talk about people, you don't even know
And you talk about places, you NEVER go
You talk about your girl, from head to toe
I said your mouth's moving fast, and your brain's moving slow
You talk too much
You never shut up!!
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never shut up

You're the instigator, the orator of the town
You're the worst when you converse, just a big mouth clown
You talk when you're awake, I heard you talk when you sleep
Has anyone ever told you, that talk is cheap

You talk too much
You never shut, up!!
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never SHUT UP!!!

Talking is the one thing, that you can do best
You told the cavity creeps, to watch out for Crest
You never have the story, right and exact
And then you always try to bore me, with your yakkity yak

You talk too much
And then you never shut up
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never SHUT UP!!!
Everyday you are out fighting someone in the street
And you're always fighting someone you know ya can't beat
Then you wonder how, you got in this mess
Just think of what you said, then take a guess

You talk too much
You never shut up!
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never SHUT UP!!!

You're always spreading rumors, whether bad or good
You're the damn Walter Cronkite of the neighborhood
The Barbara Walters, and the Howard Cosell
You always come around, with a story to tell

You talk too much
And then you never shut up
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never SHUT UP!!!

Said it's everybody's business that you love to mind
And talkin' to you, is like dropping a dime
You're spreading the word, like it is your job
You should be a stool pigeon, who works for the mob
You talk too much
And you never shut up
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never shut up!

A big blabbermouth, that's what you are
If you were a talk show host, you'd be a star
I said your mouth is big, size extra large
And when you open it, it's like my garage

You talk too much
And then you never shut up
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never shut up

You always like to gossip, just like a girl
You talk so damn much, it's outta this world
When you're reincarnated, in your second life
You won't be a man, you'll be a nagging wife

You talk too much
Then you never shut up
He said you talk too much
Homeboy you never SHUT UP!!!

SHUT UP!!!
SHUT UP!!!

Twenty-five hours, eight days a week
Thirteen months outta year, is when you speak
I'm tired of listening to the garbage you talk
Why don't you find a short pier, and take a long walk

You talk too much
Then you never shut up!
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never SHUT UP!!!
You talk too much
You could be, out of breath
You talk too much
Man you naggin' me to death
You talk too much
Tired of hearing you speak
You talk too much
Eight days a week
You talk too much
Then you never shut up
I said you talk too much
Why don't you ever SHUT UP!!!
You talk too much
Then you never shut up!
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never SHUT UP!!!1EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Born to rock around the clock
You can't say I'm not
And in case you forgot
I'm the king of rock!

I'm the devastating mic controller D.M.C
And can't nobody mess around with me
I'm the king of rock, rap, and of rhyme
I deal what I feel and it feels fine
If the sound from the Jay then I won't play
Around with sound, put down for the rhymes I say
Beats flow from Joe and never stop
Better get yourself together, let's rock
Hit it, Run


You just watch your clock while I rock your spot
I'm better known to the world as the king of rock
I like to speak my piece when I'm on the mic
I'm the best, or at least, I'm the one you like
And when I serve, you deserve to hear what I say
I throw a curve, he got the nerve to make a triple play
Now, how devastating can an MC be?
My name is Darryl, but you can call me D
Hit it, Run


It's called gangsta hard rock, non-stop hip-hop
And it's headed for the top by the rhymes I pop
For every race, place, color, country, county, or creed
And all of the places that I emceed
B-boy badness to the highest degree
And you can't be a boy unless you be D
You can't bust a cherry or crush a grape
And if you ain't got this tape, you're in bad shape
Beats flow from Joe and never stop
Better get yourself together, let's (Rock)


Do you really believe what's going on?
I was conceived and I was born
I once was lost, but now I'm found
Tell your bunch I'm boss, I run this town
I leave all suckers in the dust
Those dumb motherfuckers can't mess with us
Beats flow from Joe and never stop
Better get yourself together, let's rock
Hit it, Run


I was straight from the start performing art
Climbing up the chart while others fall apart
The three outlaws in the music trade
We won't rob, but our job is to get paid (Paid)
'Cause Run has fun if Jay will play
As I add one more rhyme to say
Now, how devastating can an MC be?
My name is Darryl, but you can call me D
Hit it, Run


I was born son of Byford, brother of Al
Bannah's my mamma and Run's my pal
It's McDaniels, not McDonald's
These rhymes are Darryl's, the burgers are (Ronald's)
I ran down my family tree
My mother, my father, my brother, and D

Run-D.M.C. and Jam Master JayEmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy