What that nigga want, God?
Word up, look out for the cops though (Wu-Tang five finger shit, fam)
Cash rules-
Word up, two for fives over here, baby
Word up, two for fives, niggas got garbage down the way
Word up, know what I'm sayin'?
Cash rules everything around me, C.R.E.A.M. get-
Yeah, check this old fly shit out, word up
(Cash rules everything around me) Take you on a natural joint
(C.R.E.A.M. get the money)
(Dollar dollar bill, y'all) Here we, here we go, check this shit, yo

I grew up on the crime side, the New York Times side
Stayin' alive was no jive
Had secondhands, Mom's bounced on old man
So then we moved to Shaolin land
A young youth, yo, rockin' the gold tooth, 'Lo goose
Only way I begin the G off was drug loot
And let's start it like this, son
Rollin' with this one and that one, pullin' out gats for fun
But it was just a dream for the teen
Who was a fiend, started smokin' woolies at 16
And runnin' up in gates and doin' hits for high stakes
Makin' my way on fire escapes
No question, I would speed for cracks and weed
The combination made my eyes bleed
No question, I would flow off and try to get the dough all
Stickin' up white boys in ball courts
My life got no better, same damn 'Lo sweater
Times is rough and tough like leather
Figured out I went the wrong route
So I got with a sick-ass clique and went all out
Catchin' keys from 'cross seas
Rollin' in MPV's, every week we made forty G's
Yo, nigga, respect mine, or here go the TEC-9
Ch-chick-pow! Move from the gate now
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all
It's been twenty-two long, hard years, I'm still strugglin'
Survival got me buggin', but I'm alive on arrival
I peep at the shape of the streets
And stay awake to the ways of the world 'cause shit is deep
A man with a dream with plans to make cream
Which failed; I went to jail at the age of fifteen
A young buck sellin' drugs and such, who never had much
Tryin' to get a clutch at what I could not—
The court played me short, now I face incarceration
Pacin', goin' upstate's my destination
Handcuffed in the back of a bus, forty of us
Life as a shorty shouldn't be so rough
But as the world turned, I learned life is hell
Livin' in the world no different from a cell
Every day I escape from Jakes givin' chase
Sellin' base, smokin' bones in the staircase
Though I don't know why I chose to smoke sess
I guess that's the time when I'm not depressed
But I'm still depressed, and I ask: what's it worth?
Ready to give up so I seek the old Earth
Who explained workin' hard may help you maintain
To learn to overcome the heartaches and pain
We got stick-up kids, corrupt cops, and crack rocks
And stray shots, all on the block that stays hot
Leave it up to me while I be livin' proof
To kick the truth to the young black youth
But shorty's runnin' wild, smokin' sess, drinkin' beer
And ain't tryna hear what I'm kickin' in his ear
Neglected for now, but yo, it gots to be accepted
That what? That life is hectic
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all
Cash rules everything around me (My niggas gots to do what they gotta do)
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all (To get through, know what I'm sayin'?)
Cash rules everything around me (Because you can't just get by no more)
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all (Word up, you gotta get over, straight up and down)
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all

Yeah, yeah
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all-all-all, yeah221EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Caller: "So whassup, man?"
DJ: "Coolin', man."
C: "Chillin' chilin'? Yo, you know I had to call, you know why right?"
DJ: "Why?"
C: "Because, yo, I never ever call and ask you to play somethin', right?"
DJ: "Yeah."
C: "You know what I wanna hear, right?"
DJ: "Whatchu wanna hear?"
C: "I wanna hear that Wu-Tang joint."
DJ: "Wu-Tang again?"
C: "Ah, yeah, again and again."

Wu-Tang Clan coming at ya
(Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid)
Protect ya neck, kid!
(Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid)
To set it off
(Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid)
The Inspectah Deck!

I smoke on the mic like "Smokin' Joe" Frazier
The hell-raiser, raisin' hell with the flavor
Terrorize the jam like troops in Pakistan
Swingin' through your town like your neighborhood Spider-Man
So uhh, tick-tock and keep tickin'
While I get ya flippin' off the shit that I'm kickin'
The Lone Ranger, code red, danger
Deep in the dark with the art to rip the charts apart
The vandal, too hot to handle
You battle, you're sayin' "Goodbye" like Tevin Campbell
Roughneck, Inspectah Deck's on the set
The Rebel, I make more noise than heavy metal
The way I make the crowd go wild, sit back, relax, won't smile
Rae got it goin' on, pal, call me the rap assassinator
Rhymes rugged and built like Schwarzenegger
And I'ma get mad deep like a threat
Blow up your project, then take all your assets
'Cause I came to shake the frame in half
With the thoughts that bomb shit like math
So if you wanna try to flip, go flip on the next man
'Cause I grab the clip and hit ya with 16 shots and more, I got
Goin' to war with the meltin' pot, akh

It's the Method Man, for short Mr. Meth
Movin' on your left, aah!
And set it off, get it off, let it off like a gat
I wanna break full, cock me back
Small change, they puttin' shame in the game
I take aim and blow that nigga out the frame
And like Fame my style'll live forever
Niggas crossin' over, but they don't know no better
But I do, true, can I get a "suue"
Enough respect due to the one-six-ooh
I mean O, yo check out the flow
Like the Hudson or PCP when I'm dustin'
Niggas off, because I'm hot like sauce
The smoke from the lyrical blunt make me *cough*
Ooh, what, grab my nut, get screwed
Oww, here comes my Shaolin style
True B-A-ba-B-Y-U
To my crew with the "suuuuue"

Yeah, yeah, yeah (Watch your step, kid)
(Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid)
C'mon, baby baby, c'mon, baby baby (Protect ya neck)
(Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid)
C'mon, baby baby, c'mon
(Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid)
Yo, you best protect ya neck

First things first, man, you're fuckin' with the worst
I'll be stickin' pins in your head like a fuckin' nurse
I'll attack any nigga who's slack in his mack
Come fully packed with a fat rugged stack
Shame on you when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard straight from the Brooklyn Zoo
And I'll be damned if I let any man
Come to my center, you enter the winter
Straight up and down, that shit is packed jam
You can't slam, don't let me get fool on him, man
The Ol' Dirty Bastard is dirty and stinkin'
Ason Unique rollin' with the night of the creeps
Niggas be rollin' with a stash, ain't sayin' cash
Bite my style, I'll bite your motherfuckin' ass
For cryin' out loud, my style is wild, so book me
Not long is how long that this rhyme took me
Ejectin' styles from my lethal weapon
My pen that rocks from here to Oregon
Here's more again, catch it like a psycho flashback
I love gats, if rap was a gun, you wouldn't bust back
I come with shit in all types of shapes and sounds
And where I lounge is my stompin' grounds
I give an order to my peeps across the water
To go and snatch up props all around the border
And get far like a shootin' star
'Cause who I are is livin' the life of Pablo Escobar
Point-blank as I kick the square biz
There it is, you're fuckin' with pros, and there it goes

Yo, chill with the feedback, black, we don't need that
It's 10 o'clock, ho, where the fuck's your seed at?
Feelin' mad hostile, wearing Aeropostale
Flowin' like Christ when I speaks the gospel
Stroll with the holy roll, then attack the globe with the buckus style
The ruckus, ten times ten men committin' mad sin
Turn the other cheek and I'll break your fuckin' chin
Slayin' boom-bangs like African drums, we'll be
Comin' around the mountain when I come
Crazy flamboyant for the rap enjoyment
My clan increase like black unemployment
Yeah, another one dare, G-Gka-Genius
Take us the fuck outta here

The Wu is too slammin' for these Cold Killin' labels
Some ain't had hits since I seen Aunt Mabel
Be doin' artists in like Cain did Abel
Now they money's gettin' stuck to the gum under the table
That's what you get when you misuse what I invent
Your empire falls and you lose every cent
For tryna blow up a scrub
Now that thought was just as bright as a 20-watt light bulb
Should've pumped it when I rocked it
Niggas so stingy they got short arms and deep pockets
This goes on in some companies
With majors, they're scared to death to pump these
First of all, who's your A&R?
A mountain climber who plays an electric guitar?
But he don't know the meanin' of dope
When he's lookin' for a suit-and-tie rap
That's cleaner than a bar of soap
And I'm the dirtiest thing in sight
Matter of fact, bring out the girls, and let's have a mud fight

You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck84EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
A game of chess is like a swordfight:
You must think first before you move
Toad style is immensely strong
And immune to nearly any weapon
When it's properly used it's almost invincible
Raw I'ma give it to ya with no trivia
Raw like cocaine straight from Bolivia
My Hip-Hop will rock and shock the nation
Like the Emancipation Proclamation
Weak MC's approach with slang that's dead
You might as well run into the wall and bang your head
I'm pushin' force, my force you're doubtin'
I'm makin' devils cower to the Caucasus Mountains

Well, I'm a sire, I set the microphone on fire
Rap styles vary and carry like Mariah
I come from the Shaolin slum and the isle I'm from
Is comin' through with nuff niggas and nuff guns
So if you wanna come sweatin', stressin', contestin'
You'll catch a sharp sword to the midsection
Don't talk the talk if you can't walk the walk
Phony niggas are outlined in chalk
I'm mad vexed, it's what the projects made me
Rebel to the grain, there's no way to barricade me
Steamrollin' niggas like an 18 wheeler
With a drunk driver drivin', there's no survivin'
Rough like Timberland wear, yeah!
Me and the Clan in 'Yota Landcruisers out there
Peace to all the crooks, all the niggas with bad looks
Bald heads, braids, blow this hook
We pack chrome TEC's, nickel-plated MAC's
Black AC's, drug-dealin' styles in phat stacks
I only been a good nigga for a minute though
'Cause I got to get my props and win it, yo
I got beef with commercial-ass niggas with gold teeth
Lampin' in a Lexus, eatin' beef
Straight up and down, don't even bother
I got 40 niggas up in here now who kill niggas' fathers

My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
In the front, in the back, Killa Beez on attack
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
Smokin' meth, hittin' cats on the block with the gats
Here I go, deep type flow
Jacques Cousteau could never get this low
I'm cherry bombin' shits… BOOM!
Just warmin' up a little bit (vroom vroom)
Rappinin' is what's happenin'
Keep the pockets stacked and then hands clap and then
At the party when I move my body
Gotta get up and be somebody!
Grab the microphone, put strength to the bone
DUH DUH DUH… enter the Wu-Tang zone
Sure enough when I rock that stuff, huff puff
I'm gonna catch your bluff tuff, rough
Kickin' rhymes like Jim Kelly
Or Alex Haley, I'm a nuh… Beetle Bailey rhymes
Comin' raw style, hardcore
Niggas be comin' to the Hip-Hop store
Comin' to buy grocery from me
Pretending to be a Hip-Hop MC
The law, in order to Enter the Wu-Tang
You must bring the Ol' Dirty Bastard type slang
Represent the GZA, Abbot, RZA
Shaquan, Inspectah Deck
Dirty Ho gettin' low with his flow
Introducin' the Ghostface Killah
No one could get iller
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
In the front, in the back, Killa Beez on attack
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
Smokin' meth, hittin' cats on the block with the gats
Speakin' of the Devil, psych! No, it's the God, get the shit right
Mega trife, and yo, I killed you in a past life
On the mic while you was kickin' that fast shit
You reneged, tried again and got blasted
Half-mastered-ass style, mad ruff task
When I struck I had on Timbs and a black mask
Remember that shit? I know you don't remember jack
That night, yo I was hittin' like a spiked bat
Until you thought I was bugged out and crazy
Strapped for nonsense, after me became lazy
Yo, nobody budge while I shot slugs
Never shot thugs, I'm runnin' with thugs that flood mugs
So, grab your eight plus one, start flippin' and trippin'
Niggas is jettin', I'm lickin' off, son

Wu! Tang! Wu! Tang!
Wu! Tang! Wu! Ta-a-ang!
Homicide's illegal and death is the penalty
What justifies the homicide when he dies
In his own iniquity?
It's the master of the Mantis Rapture comin' at ya
We have an APB on an MC Killer
Looks like the work of a master
Evidence indicates that his stature
Merciless like a terrorist hard to capture
The flow changes like a chameleon
Plays like a friend and stabs you like a dagger
This technique attacks the immune system
Disguised like a lie, paralysin' the victim
You scream as it enters your bloodstream
Erupts your brain from the pain these thoughts contain
Movin' on a nigga with the speed of a centipede
And injure any motherfuckin' contender

My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
In the front, in the back, Killa Beez on attack
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
Smokin' meth, hittin' cats on the block with the gats

And immune to nearly any weapon
When it's properly used it's almost invincible
Toad style is immensely strong
And immune to nearly any weapon
When it's properly used it's almost invincible
When it's properly used84EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
What? Y'all thought y'all wasn't gonna see me?
I'm the Osiris of this shit
Wu-Tang is here forever, motherfuckers
This like, this '97
Aight my niggas and my niggarettes
Let's do it like this
I'ma rub your ass in the moonshine
Let's take it back to '79
I bomb atomically, Socrates' philosophies and hypotheses
Can't define how I be dropping these mockeries
Lyrically perform armed robbery
Flee with the lottery, possibly they spotted me
Battle-scarred Shogun, explosion when my pen hits tremendous
Ultraviolet shine blind forensics
I inspect you through the future see millennium
Killa Beez sold fifty gold, sixty platinum
Shackling the masses with drastic rap tactics
Graphic displays melt the steel like blacksmiths
Black Wu jackets, Queen Beez ease the guns in
Rumble with patrolmen, tear gas laced the function
Heads by the score take flight, incite a war
Chicks hit the floor, diehard fans demand more
Behold the bold soldier, control the globe slowly
Proceeds to blow, swinging swords like Shinobi
Stomp grounds and pound footprints in solid rock
Wu got it locked, performing live on your hottest block
As the world turns, I spread like germ
Bless the globe with the pestilence, the hard-headed never learn
This my testament to those burned
Play my position in the game of life, standing firm
On foreign land, jump the gun out the frying pan
Into the fire, transform into the Ghost Rider
A six-pack and A Streetcar Named Desire
Who got my back? In the line of fire, holding back
What? My peoples; if you with me, where the fuck you at?
Niggas is strapped and they tryna twist my beer cap
It's court adjourned for the bad seed from bad sperm
Herb got my wig fried like a bad perm
What the blood clot? We smoke pot, and blow spots
You wanna think twice? I think not
The Iron Lung ain't got to tell you where it's coming from
Guns of Navarone tearing up your battle zone
Rip through your slums

I twist darts from the heart, tried and true
Loop my voice on the LP
Martini on the slang rocks, certified chatterbox
Vocabulary 'Donna talking, tell your story walking
Take cover, kid, what? Run for your brother, kid
Run for your team and your "six can't rhyme" groupies
So I can squeeze with the advantage and get wasted
My deadly notes reign supreme
Your thought is basic compared to mine
Domino effect, arts and crafts, paragraphs contain cyanide
Take a free ride on my thought
I got the fashion catalogs for all y'all to all praise due to God
The saga continues
Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang

Olympic torch flaming, we burn so sweet
The thrill of victory, the agony of defeat
We crush slow, flaming deluxe slow for
Judgment Day cometh, conquer, it's war
Allow us to escape Hell, globe spinning bomb
Pocket full of shells out the sky Golden Arms
Tunes spit the shitty Mortal Kombat sound
The fake false step make the blood stain the ground
A jungle junkie, vigilante tantrum
A death kiss catwalk, squeeze another anthem
Hold it for ransom, tranquilized with anesthesias
My orchestra, graceful, music ballerinas
My music Sicily, rich California smell
An axe kill adventure, paint a picture well
I sing a song from Sing-Sing, sipping on ginseng
Righteous wax chaperon, rotating ring kings
March of the wooden soldiers, C-Cypher-Punks couldn't hold us
A thousand men rushing in, not one nigga was sober
Perpendicular to the square, we stand bold like flare
Escape from your dragon's lair
In particular, my beats travel like a vortex
Through your spine to the top of your cerebral cortex
Make you feel like you bust a nut from raw sex
Enter through your right ventricle clog up your bloodstream
Heart terminal like Grand Central Station
Program fat bass lines on Novation
Getting drunk like I'm fucking ducking five-year probation
War of the masses, the outcome disastrous
Many of the victim families save their ashes
A million names on walls, engraved in plaques
Those who went back received penalties for the acts
Another heart is torn as close ones mourn'
Those who stray, niggas get slayed on the song

The track renders helpless and suffers from multiple stab wounds
And leaks sounds that's heard
93 million miles away from
Came one to represent the Nation
This is a gathering of the masses
That come to pay respects to the Wu-Tang Clan
As we engage in battle, the crowd now screams in rage
The high chief Jamel Irief takes the stage
Light is provided through sparks of energy
From the mind that travels in rhyme form
Giving sight to the blind
The dumb are mostly intrigued by the drum
Death only one can save self from
This relentless attack of the track spares none
Yo, yo, yo, fuck that!
Look at all these crab niggas laid back
Lamping like them gray and black Puma's on my man's rack
Codeine was forced in your drink
You had a navy green salamander fiend
Bitches never heard you scream
You two-faces, scum of the slum, I got your whole body numb
Blowing like Shalamar in '81
Sound convincing, thousand dollar cork-pop convention
Hands like Sonny Liston, get fly permission
Hold the fuck up, I'll unfasten your wig, bad luck
I humiliate, separate the English from the Dutch
It's me, black Noble Drew Ali, came in threes
We like the Genovese, sazon season these degrees
It's Earth, 93 million miles from the first
Rough turbulence, the wave burst, split the megahertz

A-yo, that's amazing
Gun in your mouth talk, verbal foul hawk
Connect thoughts to make my man child walk
Swift notarizer, Blue-Tang, all up in the high-riser
New York Yank visor, word tranquilizer
Adjust the dosage, delegate my Clan with explosives
While my pen blow lines ferocious
Mediterranean, see y'all, the number one draft pick
Tear down the beat, God, then delegate the God to see God
The swift chancellor, flex the white gold tarantula
Track truck diesel, play the weed God substantiala
Max mostly, undivided then slide in sickening
Guaranteed made 'em jump like Rod Strickland86EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yeah, torture, motherfucker, what?
Torture, nigga, what?
What? I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin' tie you to a fuckin' bedpost
With your ass cheeks spread out and shit, right?
Put a hanger on a fuckin' stove and let that shit sit there for like a half hour, take it off and stick it in your ass slow like "tsss"
Yeah, I'll fuckin', yeah, I'll fuckin' lay your nuts on a fuckin' dresser, just your nuts layin' on a fuckin' dresser, and bang them shits with a spiked fuckin' bat (Blaow)
Ooh wassup?
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin', pull your fuckin' tongue out your fuckin'
Mouth and stab the shit with a rusty screwdriver, blaow
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin' hang you by your fuckin' dick off the fuckin' twelfth stor-story building out this motherfucker
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin', sew your asshole closed, and keep feedin' you, and feedin' you, and feedin' you, and feedin' you
Yo, roll the dice, yo, roll the dice
Yo, so it's goin' down like that, huh? Yeah?
Niggas is wildin', check it out, kid

From the slums of Shaolin, Wu-Tang Clan strikes again
The RZA, the GZA, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Inspectah Deck
Raekwon the Chef, U-God, Ghostface Killah and the Method Man

M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man
Hey, you, get off my cloud
You don't know me and you don't know my style
Who be gettin' flam when they come to a jam?
Here I am, here I am, the Method Man
Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake, hey, the Method Man
Don't eat Skippy, Jif or Peter Pan
Peanut butter 'cause I'm not butter
In fact, I snap back like a rubber
Band, I be Sam, Sam-I-Am
And I don't eat green eggs and ham
Style'll hit ya, wham, then goddamn
You'll be like, "Oh shit, that's the jam"
Turn it up, now hear me get buck w-w-wild
I'm about to blow, light me up (Light me up)
Upside, downside, inside and outside
Hittin' you from every angle, there's no doubt I
Am the one and only Method Man
The master of the plan, rappin' shit like Saran
Wrap, with some of this and some of that
Hold up (What?) I tawt I taw a putty tat
Over there, but I think he best to beware
Of the diggy dog shit right here
Yippy-yippy-yay, yippy-yah, yippy-yo
Like Deck said, "This ain't your average flow"
Comin' like rah, ooh-ah, achie-kah
Tell me, how you like it so far, baby paw?
The poetry's in motion, coast to coast and
Rub it on your skin like lotion
What's the commotion? Oh my Lord
Another corn chopped by the Wu-Tang sword
"Hey, hey, hey" like Fat Albert
It's the Method Man, ain't no if ands about it
It's the Method
Alright, y'all, get your White Owls
Get your Meth', get your skins
Don't forget your 'orty
And we gonna do it like this

I got fat bags of skunk
I got White Owl blunts
And I'm about to go get lifted
Yes, I'm about to go get lifted
I got myself a Forty
And I got myself a shorty
And I'm about to go and stick it
Yes, I'm about to go and stick it, uh

H-U-F-F, huff, and I puff
Blow like snow when the cold wind's blowin'
Zoom, I hit the mic like boom
Wrote a song about it, like to hear it? Here it goes
Question, what exactly is a panty raider?
Ill behavior, savior or major flavor
All of the above, oh yeah, plus seducer
Also, flam, I'm the man, call me super
Not an average Joe with an average flow
Doin' average things with average hoes
Yo, I'm super, I'll make a bitch squirm
For my super sperm (Check it)
Check it, I give it to you raw butt-naked
I smell sess, pass the method
Let's get lifted as I kick ballistic
Missiles and shoot game like a pistol
Clip is loaded when I click bang (Bang)
A Wu-Tang slug hits your brain
J-U-M-P, jump, and I thump
Make girls rump like pump and Humpty Hump
Wild, the Shaolin style is all in me
Child, the whole damn isle is callin' me
P-A-N-T-Y, R-A-I-D-E-R, mad raw, I don't fry
Meaning, no one can burn or toss and turn me
Ooh, I be the super sperm
Chim-chimney, chim-chim, cher-ee
Freak a flow and flow fancy free
Now, how many licks does it take
For me to hit the Tootsie Roll center of a break?
Peep and don't sleep, the crew's mad deep (Wu-Tang)
Fadin' motherfuckers like bleach
So to each and every crew
You're clear like glass, I could see right through
Your whole damn posse be catchin' 'em all, 'cause you vic'd
And you didn't have friends to begin with, I'm—
The M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man
Here I am, here I am, the Method Man

Straight from the slums of Shaolin
Wu-Tang Killa Beez on a swarm
Your soul have just been tooken
Through the 36 Chambers of death, kid
Word to mother, Method Man signin' off, peace79EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
“Shaolin shadowboxing and the Wu-Tang sword style."
"If what you say is true, the Shaolin and the Wu-Tang could be dangerous. Do you think your Wu-Tang sword can defeat me?”
“En garde, I'll let you try my Wu-Tang style.”

Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Ghostface catch the blast of a hype verse
My Glock burst, leave in a hearse, I did worse
I come rough, tough like an elephant tusk
Your head rush, fly like Egyptian musk
Aww shit, Wu-Tang Clan spark the wicks, an'
However I master the trick just like Nixon
Causin' terror, quick damage your whole era
Hard rocks is locked the fuck up, or found shot
P.L.O. style, hazardous, 'cause I wreck this dangerous
I blow sparks like Waco, Texas

I watch my back like I'm locked down
Hardcore-hittin' sound
Watch me act bugged and tear down
Illiterate-type asshole, songs goin' gold
No doubt, and you watch a corny nigga fold
Yeah, they fake and all that, carryin' gats
But yo, my Clan rollin' like forty macks
Now you act convinced, I guess it makes sense
Wu-Tang, yo, soooo represent!
I wait for one to act up, now I got him backed up
Gun to his neck now, react what?
And that's one in the chamber, Wu-Tang banger
36 styles of danger
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
So bring it on!
I rip it, hardcore like porno-flick bitches
I roll with groups of ghetto bastards with biscuits
Check it, my method on the microphone's bangin'
Wu-Tang slang'll leave your headpiece hangin'
Bust this, I'm kickin' like Seagal: Out for Justice
The roughness, yes, the rudeness, ruckus
Redrum, I verbally assault with the tongue
Murder One, my style shocks your knot like a stun gun
I'm hectic, I wreck it with the quickness
Set it on the microphone, and competition get blown
By this nasty-ass nigga with my nigga, the RZA
Charged like a bull and got pulled like a trigga
So bad, stabbin' up the pad with the vocab, crab
I scream on your ass like your dad, bring it on...
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!

Yo, I'm more rugged than slave man boots
New recruits, I'm fuckin' up MC troops
I break loose, and trample shit, while I stomp
A mudhole in that ass 'cause I'm straight out the swamp
Creepin' up on site, now it's Fright Night
My Wu-Tang slang is mad fuckin' dangerous
And more deadly than the stroke of an axe
Choppin' through your back *swish*
Givin' bystanders heart attacks
Niggas try to flip, tell me, who is him?
I blow up his fuckin' prism, make it a vicious act of terrorism
You wanna bring it, so fuck it, come on and bring the ruckus!
And I provoke niggas to kick buckets
I'm wettin' cream, I ain't wettin' fame
Who sellin' 'caine? I'm givin' out a deadly game
It's not the Russian, it's the Wu-Tang crushin' roulette
Slip up and get fucked like Suzette
Bring da fuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
“En garde, I'll let you try my Wu-Tang style.”
So, bring it on!
So, bring it on!
So, bring it on!
So, bring it on!
So, bring it on!
So, bring it on!
So, bring it on, nigga!71EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Tiger Style!
Tiger Style! (Tiger style!)

Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit

Yo, there's no place to hide once I step inside the room
Dr. Doom, prepare for the boom
Bam! Aw, man! I slam, jam, now scream like Tarzan
I be tossin', enforcin', my style is awesome
I'm causin' more family feud than Richard Dawson
And the survey said, "You're dead!"
Fatal Flying Guillotine chops off your fuckin' head
Mister, who is that? Ayo, the Wu is back
Makin' niggas go Bo! Bo! like I'm Super Cat
Me fear no one, oh no, here come
The Wu-Tang shogun, killer to my eardrum

Put the needle to the groove, I gets rude
And I'm forced to fuck it up
My style carries like a pick-up truck
Cross the clear blue yonder, sea to shinin' sea
I slam tracks like quarterback sacks from L.T
Now why try and test the Rebel INS?
Blessed since the birth, I earth-slam your best
'Cause I bake the cake, then take the cake
And eat it, too, with my crew while we head state to state
And if you want beef, then bring the ruckus!
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthing ta fuck wit
Straight from the motherfuckin' slums that's busted
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthing ta fuck wit

Hah! Lebonon, step up, boy!
Represent! Chop his head off, kid!

The Meth will come out tomorrow
Styles, conditions, bizarre, bizarro
Flow, with more afro than Rollo
Comin' to a fork in the road, which way to go? Just follow
Meth is the legend, niggas is sleepy hollow
In fact I'm a hard act to follow
I dealt for dolo, Bogart comin' on through
Niggas is like, "Oh my God, not you!"
Yes, I come to get a slice of the punk and the pie
Rather do than die, check my flavor
Comin' from the RZA, which is short for The Razor
Who make me reminisce true
Like déjà vu, I'm rubber, niggas is like glue
Whatever you say rubs off me sticks to you
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit

Ahh-hah! Yeah! Representin' Brooklyn, Queens
Long Island, Manhattan, Bronx
The Rugged Lands of Shaolin
Niggas from Virginia, Atlanta, our boys in Ohio
Comin' through with the crazy Y-O Y-O
Yo, niggas from The Source
My man Kelly Woo from the Gavin
Will Strickland, Jason Staton, yeah
True, true, my nigga Crown, what's goin' down, boy?
We ain't nuthing ta fuck wit
The whole Texas mob, the Chicago mob
Niggas from Detroit, fuckin' California squadron
Comin' through, you know what I'm sayin'?
The whole fuckin' West Coast to the whole East
Niggas from D.C., down in Maryland
All the way over there in Morgan State
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit
All over the whole fuckin' globe, comin' through, boy
Peace to the fuckin' Zulu Nation
Peace to all the Gods and the Earths, word is bond
Wu-Tang slang, choppin' heads, boy
It ain't safe no more, peace!42EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yo, Meth, hold up, hold up
Yo, Meth, where my Killer tape at, God?
First of all, where my
Where the fuck is my tape at?

Yo, son, I ain't got that piece, son

How you ain't got my shit when I let you hold it, man?

Yo, niggas came over to have 40s and blunts, kid
The shit just came up missin', son

Come on, man, that don't got nothin' to do with my shit, man
Come on, man, go head with that shit, man

Come on, man, I'll buy you four more fuckin' Killer tapes, man

 Ayo! Ayo!
Open the door, man! What the fuck, man?
Yo, what? What's up?

Yo, yo, God, word is bond, yo
Shameek just got bust in his head two times, God!

Word to mother!

Word life, God
You know Shameek from fuckin' 212, God?
The nigga just got bucked
Niggas in a black Land, God, word is bond
Came through, God, from out of nowhere, God
Word is bond I'm comin' to get my Culture Cipher, God
And they just… word is bond
Crazy shots just went the fuck off, God

Niggas let off crazy shots, kid

The nigga layin' there like a fuckin' newborn fuckin' baby, God
Word up!

Is he dead?

Is he fuckin' dead?
What the fuck you mean is he fuckin' dead, God?

What the fuck kind of question is that, B? Fuck you think?

Easy, easy

The nigga layin' there with his fuckin'…
All types of fuckin' blood comin' out of his fuckin'…

(sarcastically) Is he is he is he dead?

Yo, God, what's up, God? It's the God, God, word is bond
Yo, what's up? I'm ready to fuckin' lay…
I'm ready to get busy, God, what's up?
Yo, let's go do what we got…

What's up, yo?

Yo let's go do what we gotta do, man, fuck it

Yo, we out or what, man?

It's the God, God, fuck that, man

You sayin' we out?

They probably took the tape

What the fuck?

Nigga still sweatin' the tape, man

What the fuck is you talkin' about? Get the fuck outta here!

Fuckin' corn!

Good Morning Vietnam!
Yeah, good morning
To all you motherfuckin' knotty-headed niggas
Word to the camouflage large niggas
Bitch, where the fuck is my bottle?
Bring that fuckin' meth in here!
Yo, yo, yo
Now we gonna drink some good Night train
Yo, yo, yo, yo!

Champion gear that I rock, you get your boots knocked
Then attack ya like a pit, then, lock shit down
As I come and freaks the sound, hardcore
But givin' you more and more like "Ding!"
Nah, shorty, get you open like six packs
Killa Beez attack, flippin' what? Murder one phat tracks, aight?
I kick it like a Nike Flight
Word life, I get that ass robbed on spite
Check the method from Bedrock, 'cause I rock your head to bed
Just like rockin' what? Twin Glocks!
Shake the ground while my beats just break you down
Raw sound, goin' to war right now
So, yo, bombin', We-Usually Take-All-Niggas-Garments
Save your breath before I vomit

I be that insane nigga from the psycho ward, I'm on the trigger
Plus I got the Wu-Tang sword, so how you figure
That you can even fuck with mine?
Hey, yo, RZA! Hit me with that shit one time!
And pull a foul, niggas, save the beef for the cow
I'm milkin' this ho, this is my show, Tical!
The fuck you wanna do on this mic piece, duke?
I'm like a sniper, hyper off the ginseng root
PLO Style, buddha monks with the owls
Now, who's the fuckin' man? Meth-Tical

On the chessbox
"Wu-Tang style"

Yo, yeah, yo
I leave the mic in body bags
My rap style has the force to leave ya lost like the Tribe of Shabazz
Murderous material made by a madman
It's the mic wrecker, Inspectah, bad man
From the bad lands of the Killa
Rap fanatic, representin' with the skill that's iller
Dare to compare, get pierced just like your ear
The Shooby Doo-Wop pop, strictly hardware
Armed and geared 'cause I just broke out the prison
Charged by the system for murderin' the rhythm
Now, lo and behold another deadly episode
Bound to catch another fuckin' charge when I explode!

Slammin' a hype-ass verse 'til your head burst
I ramshack dead in the track, and that's that
Rap assassin, fast and quick to blast in hardrock
I ran up in spots like Fort Knox
I'm hot! Top notch, Ghost thinks with logic
Flashbacks how I attacked your whole project
I'm raw, I'm rugged and raw! I repeat
If I die, my seed'll be ill like me
Approachin' me, yo, out of respect, chops to neck
I get vexed, like crashin' up a phat-ass Lex
So, clear the way! Make way! Yo, open the cage!
Peace, I'm out, jettin' like a runaway slave

You gettin' stripped from your garments, boy, run your jewels
All the meth got me open like Fallopian tubes
I bring death to a snake when he least expect
Ain't a damn thing changed, boy, Protect Ya Neck!
Ruler Zig-Zag-Zig Allah, jam is fatal
Quick to stick my Wu-Tang sword right through your navel
Suspenseful force bein' brought through my utensil
The pencil, I bring strong winds up against you
Havoc, then run through your county like the Maverick
Caps through the tablets, I gots to make the fabrics

A-a-a-ah-ah, are you a warrior, killer? Slicin' shit like a samurai?
The Ol' Dirty Bastard from the bar!
Ol' Dirty clan of terrorists
Comin' at your ass like a sorceress, shootin' that piss
Niggas be gettin' on my fuckin' nerves
Rhymes they be kickin' make me wanna kick they fuckin' ass to the curb
Boy got funky fresh like the Old Specialist
A carrier, messenger, bury ya
This experience is for the whole experience
Let it be applied, Unique, drop that science!

My-My-My-My clan is thick like plaster, bust ya, slash ya
Slit a nigga back like a Dutch Master
Killer style jumped off in Killa Hilla
I was the thriller in the Ali-Frazier Manila
I came down with phat tracks that combine and interlock
Like gettin' smashed by a cinder block
Poaw! Now it's all over
Niggas seein' pink hearts, yellow moons
Orange stars and green clovers33EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck wild with the trigger
Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck… I'll fuck your ass up!

Yo, hut one, hut two, hut three, hut!
Ol' Dirty Bastard, live and uncut
Styles unbreakable, shatterproof
To the young youth, you wanna get gun? Shoot!
Blaow! How you like me now?
Don't fuck the style, ruthless wild
Do you wanna get your teeth knocked the fuck out?
Wanna get on it like that? Well, then shout!

Yo RZA, yo razor, hit me with the major
The damage, my clan understand it, be flavor
Gunnin', hummin', comin' at ya
First I'm gonna get ya, once I got ya, I gat ya
You could never capture the Method Man's stature
For rhyme and for rapture, got niggas resignin', now master
My style? Never!
I put the fuckin' buck in the wild, kid, I'm terror, razor-sharp
I sever, the head from the shoulders, I'm better than my competta
You mean competitor, whatever, let's get together
Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck wild with the tri-BLOW!

I react so thick, I'm phat, and yo
Rae came blowin' and blew off your headphones, black
Rap from, yo, Cali to Texas
Smoother than a Lexus, now's my turn to wreck this
Brothers approach and half step
But ain't heard half of it yet and I bet you're not a fuckin' vet
So, when you see me on the real
Formin' like Voltron, remember I got deep like a Navy Seal

Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck wild with the trigger
Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
I'll fuck your ass up!

Yo! I come with that ol' loco style from my vocal
Couldn't peep it with a pair of bifocals
I'm no joker, play me as a joker
Be on you like a house on fire, smoke ya
Crews be actin' like they gangs, anyway
Be like, "Warriors, come out and play!"
Burn me, I get into shit, I let it out like diarrhea
Got burnt once but that was only gonorrhea
Dirty, I keep shit stains in my drawers
So I can get fizza-funky for ya
Murder, taste the flame of the Wu-Tang
Rah! Here comes the Tiger vs. Crane
I'll be like wild with my style
Punk, you play me, chump, you get jumped
Wu is comin' through at a theater near you
And get funk like a shoe, what?53EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
: Fuck yo, we gotta get this fucking loot baby
We gotta get this loot
Yo back, remember back in the days
When shit, everything was all smooth and calm and shit was like
: Smoke that bone, nigga
: Yo man, yo I'm doing it God, I'm doing it man
I'm saying, back in like in '70, fucking '79
: Everybody was on your line man
: Nah, '87, that was my favorite shit God
Polo shit, everything, everything was lovely
Yo get the fuck out the rain nigga
Oh shit, who the fuck is that? Fuck
Ayo Ghost, ayo Rae, what's up with y'all niggas?
Man, what the fuck you nigga, ah

Hey, you know, everybody's talking about the "good old days," right? Everybody! The good old days
Well, let's talk about the good old days!

Know what I'm sayin'?
Take you on this lyrical high real quick
1993 exoticness, know what I'm sayin'?
Let's get technical; where's your bone at?
Get up on that shit, a'ight? Yo!
Started off on the island, aka Shaolin
Niggas wilin', gun shots thrown, the phone diallin'
Back in the days, I'm 8 now
Makin' a tape now, Rae gotta get a plate now
Ignorant and mad young, wanted to be the one
'Til I got (Blaow! Blaow! Blaow!) felt one
Yeah, my pops was a fiend since 16
Shootin' that "that's that shit!" in his blood stream
That's the life of a grimy, real-life crimey
And niggas know that habit's behind me
Day one, yo, growin' all up in the ghetto
Now I'm a weed fiend jettin' to Palmetto
In Medina, yo, no doubt, the god got crazy clout
Pushin' the big joint from down South
So if you're filthy stacked up, better watch your back and duck
'Cause these fiends, they got it cracked up
Now my man from up North, now he got the loft
It's solid as a rock and crazy salt
No jokes, I'm not playin', get his folks
Desert Eagle his dick and put him in a yoke
And to know for sure, I got reck and rip shop
I pointed a gat at his mother's knot
(Yo, Rae, don't do that shit, man! Don't do that shit!)
Fuck that!
Dedicated to the winners and the losers
(Dedicated to all Jeeps and Land Cruisers)
Can it be that it was all so simple then?
Dedicated to the 5's, 850i's
(Dedicated to niggas who do drive-by's)
Can it be that it was all so simple then?
Dedicated to the Lexus and the Ac's
(Dedicated to MPV's: phat!)

Kickin' the fly clichés, doin' duets with Rae and A
Happens to make my day
Though I'm tired of bustin' off shots, havin' to rock knots
Runnin' up in spots and makin' shit hot
I'd rather flip shows instead of those
Hangin' on my livin' room wall, my first joint and it went gold!
I want to lamp, I want to be in the shade
Plus the spotlight, gettin' my dick rode all night
I want to have me a phat yacht
And enough land to go and plant my own sess crops
But for now it's just a big dream
'Cause I find myself in a place where I'm last seen
My thoughts must be relaxed, be able to maintain
'Cause times is changed and life is strange
The glorious days is gone and everybody's doin' bad
Yo, mad lives is up for grabs
Brothers passin' away, I gotta make wakes
Receivin' all types of calls from Upstate
Yo, I can't cope with the pressure, settlin' for lesser
The God left lessons on my dresser
So I can bloom and blossom, find a new way
To continue to make more hits with Rae and A
Sunshine plays a major part in the daytime
(Peace to mankind, Ghostface carry a black 9, nigga)
Word up, it's all like that… yeah

It's like this, I'ma start from the top
Inspectah Deck, he's like
He's like that dude that'll sit back and watch you
Play yourself and all that, right?
And see you sit there and know you lyin'
And he'll take you to court after that
'Cause he the Inspectah, that's why he the and
And also he the Rebel I.N.S
You know what I'm sayin'?
And Shallah Raekwon, he the Chef
He cookin' up some marvelous shit to get your mouth waterin'
On some "oh shit"
Then, then it's, then it's the Method Man
It's like mad different methods to the way I do my shit

You gotta smoke a bean in here, anyhow

And I'm tellin' you, mine
Basically Method Man is like
Roll that shit, light that shit, smoke it
And then Baby U, he a psychopathic
He a psychopathic thinker
And and, then we got, then we got the Ol' Dirty Bastard
'Cause there ain't no father to his style
That's why he the Ol' Dirty Bastard
Ghostface Killah, you know what I'm sayin'?
He on some "now you see me, now you don't"
Know what I'm sayin'? And and, the RZA
He the sharpest motherfucka in the whole Clan
He always on point, razor sharp
With the beats, with the rhymes, whatever, any DJ

And the GZA, the G is just the Genius
He, he's the backbone of the whole shit

It's self-explanatory, Genius, word

He the head, let's put it that way
We form like Voltron, and GZA happen to be the head
You know what I'm sayin'?

Yeah, yeah, that's cool
So what's like, I mean what's like
Your ultimate goal against in this in this industry?

Domination, baby, fuck that

Can I say this one? Can I say this one?
Right now, right now, we still, we still
Feel like we ain't get what we want yet
When we get, when we get, when we get a little props
And really really get the way we gotta go
That's when you know it's on
You know what I'm sayin'?
'Cause right about now, I ain't braggin' or nothin'
But yo, the Wu, the Wu got somethin'
That I know that everybody wanna hear
'Cause I know I've been waitin' to hear
You know what I'm sayin'?
But straight up and down, 'til we get the goal
We gon' keep goin'

Yeah, 'cause we tryin' to do all this
We tryin' to make a business outta this, man
We ain't tryin' to-- know what I'm sayin'?
Affiliate ourselves with them fake-ass A&Rs and all that
We tryin' to make our own shit
So that when our children, word
So that when our children, all our seeds and whatever
They got somethin' for theyselves right there

We ain't tryin' to hop in and hop out right quick
Know what I'm sayin'?
We out for the Gusto, and we gon' keep it raw
You know what I'm sayin'? (Word)26EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Up from the 36 Chambers
Heheh, it's the Ghost Face Killah
Heheheh, Wu-Tang!
Wu-Tang Killa Beez, we on a swarm
Wu-Tang Killa Beez, we on a swarm
Wu-Tang Killa Beez, we on a swarm
Wu-Tang Killa Beez, we on a swarm
The RZA, the GZA, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Inspectah Deck, U-God
Ghostface Killah, the Method Man, Raekwon the Chef, the Masta Killa, Raw Desire, LeVon, Power Cipher
12 O'Clock, 60 Second Assassin
The 4th Disciple, the Brown Hornet
K.D. the Down Low Recka
Shyheim a.k.a. The Rugged Child
Du-Du-Lilz, Mr. Hezekiah
Better known as the Yin and the Yang, the True Master
Isham, DJ Skane, the True Robocop comin' through
Scientific Shabazz, my motherfuckin' man Wise the Civilized
The Shaolin Soldiers, Daddy-O and Popa Ron
Comin' down from the motherfuckin' South end of things
Killa Beez all over your fuckin' planet
Thirty-six chambers of death
Three-hundred and sixty degrees of perfected styles
Choppin' off your motherfuckin' dome
-piece, and every fuckin' borough
Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens, Staten Island
The motherfuckin' Bronx, Killa Beez
The sword? C'mon, give him the sword!

Clan in da front, let your feet stomp
Niggas on the left, brag shit to death (Wu, wu, wu, wu)
Hoods on the right, wild for the night (Wu, wu, wu, wu)
Punks in the back, c’mon and attract to what? (Wu, wu, wu, wu)
The Wu is comin' through, the outcome is critical
Fuckin' with my style is sort of like a miracle
On 34th Street, in the Square of Herald
I gamed Ella, the bitch caught a Fitz like Gerald-
-ine Ferraro, who's full of sorrow
'Cause the ho didn't win, but the sun will still come out tomorrow
And shine shine shine like gold mine
Here comes the drunk monk, with a quart of Ballantine
Pass the bone, kid, pass the bone!
Let's get on this mission like Indiana Jones
The GZA, one who just represent the Wu-Tang clique
With the game and soul of an old school flick
Like the Mack and Dolemite, who both did bids
Claudine went to Cooley High and had mad kids
So stop, the life you save may be your motherfuckin' own
I'll hang your ass with this microphone
Make way for the merge of traffic
Wu-Tang's comin' through with full metal jackets
God squad that's mad hard to serve
Come frontin' hard, then Bernhard Goetz what he deserves
Clan in da front, let your feet stomp
Niggas on the left, brag shit to death (Wu, wu, wu, wu)
Hoods on the right, wild for the night (Wu, wu, wu, wu)
Punks in the back, c’mon and attract to what (Wu, wu, wu, wu)

No response while I bomb that ass
You ain't shit, your wack-ass town had you gassed
Egos is somethin' the Wu-Tang crush
Souped-up niggas on a stage get rushed
I don't give a goddamn on the shows you did
How many rhymes you got or who knows you, kid
'Cause I don't know you, therefore show me what you know
I come sharp as a blade and I cut you slow
You become so Pat as my style increases
What's that in your pants? Ahh, human feces!
Throw your shitty drawers in the hamper
Next time, come strapped with a fuckin' Pamper
How you sound, B? You're better off a quitter
I'm on the mound, G, and it's a no-hitter
And my DJ, the catcher, he's my man
In a way he's the one who devised the plan
He throws the signs, I hook up the beats with clout
I throw the rhymes to the mic and I strike 'em out
So it really doesn't matter on how you intrigue
You can't fuck with those in the major leagues
Clan in da front, let your feet stomp
Niggas on the left, brag shit to death
Hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, c’mon and attract to what
Clan in da front, let your feet stomp
Niggas on the left, brag shit to death
Hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, c’mon and attract to what

Hoods on the right
Punks in the back… to what
Niggas on the left
Hoods on the right
Punks in the back, c'mon… to what
Let your feet stomp
Brag shit to death
Wild for the night
(Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu)
(Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu)
(Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu)
Niggas on the left, brag shit to death
Hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, c’mon and attract
Clan in da front, let your feet stomp28EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
After laughter comes tears

Check the script, me and the gods gettin' ripped
Blunts in the dip, forty dogs in my lip
Had a box, 'boom boom' the bass would blast
We was laughin' at all the girls that passed
Conversation, brothers had began to discuss
(Hey yo, Rob, remember that kid you bust?)
Aw yeah, he ran, but he didn't get far
'Cause I dropped him, heh heh heh heh heh ha
Not knowin' exactly what lied ahead
My little brother, my mother sent him out for bread
Get the Wonder, it's a hot day in the summer
Didn't expect to come across a crazy gunner
"Hey, Shorty, check it, run the bag and the dough!"
But he was brave, looked him in the eye, and said "No!"
Money splattered him, BOW! Then he snatched the bag
Hit his pockets, then he jetted up the Ave
Girls screamin', the noise up and down the block
(Hey, Rakeem!) What? (Your little brother got shot!)
I ran frantically, then I dropped down to his feet
I saw the blood all over the hot concrete
I picked him up, then I held him by his head
His eyes shut, that's when I knew he was…
Aw man! How do I say goodbye?
It's always the good ones that have to die
Memories in the corner of my mind
Flashbacks, of us laughin' all the time
I taught him all about the bees and birds
But I wish I had a chance to sing these three words
After laughter comes tears

Me and my man, my ace Big Moe from the shelter
'Bout to hit the skins from this girl named Thelma
Now, Thelma had a rep that was higher than her neck
Every girl from Shaolin dissed her respect
We was stimmy, you know how it is when you're blitzed
Three o'clock in the mornin', somethin' got to give
Moe said he'll go first, I said I'll take next
Here, take this raincoat and practice safe sex!
He seemed to ignore, I said, "Be for real!
She's not even worth it to go raw deal."
A man's gonna do what a man's gonna do
He got butt-naked and stuck the power U
Twenty minutes went by, Moe, I'm out without a doubt
I'm not pumpin' up, I am airin' out
Hey yo, he came out laughin' with glory
I'm surprised he's still livin' to tell his story
But he carried on with the same old stuff
With Stephanie, like a Whammy, he pressed his luck
Moe tried to be down with O.P.P
Ain't nothin' wrong, but he got caught with the H.I.V
Now no life to live, doc says two more years
So after the laughter I guess comes the tears
After laughter comes tears46EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
1,2, 1,2, yo check this out, it's the jump off right now
I want everybody, to put your work down, put your guns down
And report to the pit, the gravel pit
Leave your problems at home, leave your children at home
We gon' take it back underground, I be Bobby Boulders
Wu-Tang Clan on yo' mind one time
It's the jump off, so just jump off my nigga

Check out my gravel pit
A mystery unraveling
Wu-Tang is the CD that I travel with
Don't go against the grain if you can't handle it

Ha, holocaust from the land of the lost
Behold the pale horse, off course (off course)
Follow me, Wu-Tang gotta be
The best thing since Starks and Clark Wallabees
African killer bees blackwatch
On your radio, blowin out yo' watts
From Park Hill, the house on haunted hill
Every time you walk by your back get a chill
Let's peel, who want to talk rap skills
I spit like a semi-automatic to the grill
Elbow grease, and elbow room
Baby play me, baby fall down, go boom
Party people gather round, count down to apocalypse
(I'm the kid with the golden arms)
And I'm the motherfuckin Hot Nicks pass the blunt
My nigga don't front
You had it for a minute but it seem like a month
Now I'm chokin, smokin, hopin
I don't croakin, from overdosin
Hey, kid, walk straight, master your high
Wu and Meth got you open (open), let's ride
Can't stand niggas that floss too much
Can't stand Bentleys they cost too much
Kid wanna get up then kid get touched
Kid wanna stick up then kid get stuck
I'm the one that called your bluff
When your boy tried to act tough
Remember what Ol' Dirty said: "I'll fuck yo' ass up!"
Now listen
Back, back and forth and forth

E with the English, extinguish styles extremist
Bald head beamers run wild
It's the kid with the gold cup
Stepped out like what
What's poppin, and y'all niggas dobo
Blastin shae shae, chocolate shortae
Rich color mocks, rock those all day
1960 shit I'm Goldie
That's right motherfucker don't hold me
The world's greatest, Las Vegas, paid as rock
Skin painted on my face look ageless
Perfect combos, Ghost bang out condos
Jeff from Hamo, ex three bangos
Bancos, stank hoes in plain clothes
Change those, bang those, same old, same old

Yeah y'all, straight up this the jump off right here
The gravel pit, word up represent, rock the boulders
All my rich gangsta style, killers, y'all know what time it is
Shorty do your thing, get up on that shit right now boo, do you
That's what I'm talkin 'bout
Yo, step to my groove, move like this
When we shoot the gift of course it's ruthless
Grab the mic with no excuses
In a sec, grab the Tecs and loot this
Executing, shaking all sets, and I'm breaking all hecks
I'm taking all bets, move all best, who want the dram' next
You all stank, we got the bigger bank
Bigger shank to fill your tank
Still the same kill you for real, while you crank
Slide, do or die, fry to bake
Admire the greats, on fire wit a heart of hate
Bitter shark, every part I take, heavy darts that quake
It's okay, all fakes, get caught by the dropkicks
You know the thrill, yes it's Park Hill
Yo we hit 'em with the hot grits
On the go, check the flow, saying Wu don't rock shit
Stop quick, hold the gossip, stop sweating my pockets
I hear the hot shit

Check out my gravel pit
A mystery unraveling
Wu-Tang is the CD that I travel with
Don't go against the grain if you can't handle it
You don't have to move a mountain
Just give me enough strength to climb
Oh Lord ! Don't take away my stumbling blocks to lead me around
Yakub, maker and creator of the devil. Swine merchant... your time is near at hand. Fuck with me and your time will be now. Your presence here effects the mind of my people like a fever. You, Yakub, are the bearer of nine thousand nine hundred and ninety nine diseases, evil, corrupt, porkchop-eatin' brain!12EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
It's Wu motherfuckers, Wu-Tang motherfuckers
It's Wu motherfuckers, a Wu-Tang motherfuckers
It's Wu motherfuckers, a Wu-Tang motherfuckers
It's Wu

Reunited, double LP, world excited
Struck a match to the underground, industry ignited
From metaphorical parables to fertilize the Earth
Wicked niggas come, try to burglarize the turf
Scatting off soft-ass beats them niggas rap happily
Tragically, that style deteriorate rapidly
Uncompleted missions, throwing your best known compositions
You couldn't add it up if you mastered addition
Where I come from, getting visuals is habitual
You're more safe walking on hot coals in rituals
I splash the paint on the wall, formed a mural
He took a look, saw the manifestation of it was plural
Rhyming while impaired, dart hit your garment
Pierced your internal streamlined compartments
Just consider the unparalleled advantage
Of a natural disaster that's impossible to manage

Bitchass niggas counterfeit the funk
I smoke the bead of the skunk, tree top of the trunk
Moonshine drunken monk, your head get shrunk
Your treasure sunk, I be fucking bitches by the chunk
My name black, you worms wanna play in my dirt
Bitch stop, my Momma serve free lunch from the church
I cum like a thousand doves
Bitch you quiet at the bus, making no fuss, I got self love
Unglove the noose, watch a nigga transfuse
Dirty add to the fuse, heavy at the booze
I don't walk, I get carried
Gold and platinum Frisbees on my wall, looking properly
But comely, I U.F.O. you Wright Brothers
The Indian that sold Manhattan to the white man
My grandfather, step up and get knocked right the fuck out
Come to the cook-out, dirty bitch at the mouth
You scared, run around like the plane about to crash
Wu-Tang motherfuckers
Wu-Tang motherfuckers
Yeah and RZA

Yo, yo The Riddler, funny bone tickler, freak Caligula
Bigger dick sex enigma, pistil fertilize your stigma
Stinkbox order from Pink Dot
MCs get stuck on ink blots, AirSound plug to the sinkbox
Wu-Tang Incorp. take your brain on spacewarp
Talk strange like Björk, great hero Jim Thorpe
How can I put it, life is like video footage
Hard to edit, directors, that never understood it
Too impulsive, my deadly corrosive dosage
Attack when you least notice through explosive postage
I don't play, the rap souffle sauté for the day
Ruler Zig-Zag-Zig A Leg Leg Arm Head
Spread like plague, we drink Hennessy by the keg
I got the golden egg plus the goose
Eighty proof Absolut mixed with cranberry fruit juice
Ginseng root, I got your neck in a noose
Keep my money wrinkled, the rap star twinkle killer instinct
Sixteen bar nickel sell more copies than Kinko
Grow like a fetus with no hands and feet to complete us
And we return like Jesus when the whole world need us
Is it appetite for destruction?
Slap a murder rap on this production
I touch something, trust nothing
Iron Lung/Twisted Metal
I see 'em ducking my dart gun, busting from every angle
Worldwide total carnage, the sickest flow
That be codenamed Agent Orange, killing you slow
It's only right you pay homage
To those that's 'bout to blow like that shit up your nose
Solid as a rock when I strike target
Verbal be screaming on you like a drill sergeant
Herbals got me where I wanna be right now
Don't know the time
Check the hour on your sundial, watch me shine
Drunk off of cheap wine
Each line be on point when I speak mine
On behalf of my crew, SUUUUUUUUUUU, Enter the Wu
36 more deadly Chambers to take you through

It's Wu motherfuckers
Wu-Tang motherfuckers
It's Wu motherfuckers
Wu-Tang motherfuckers
It's Wu motherfuckers
Wu-Tang motherfuckers
It's Wu motherfuckers
Wu-Tang motherfuckers
It's Wu motherfuckers
Wu-Tang motherfuckers
It's Wu motherfuckers
Wu-Tang motherfuckers
 Oh yeahhhh, ahhh, aiyy yeahh yeahhhahh aiii
 And RZA...
15EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Machine-gun rap for all my niggas in the back
Stadium packed, linebacker nigga flash stacks
See through yellow lines, rock a fly jersey in the summertime, God
Magic marker rap, bleed Benetton
Relaxed, wrote this, comin' at you crab-ass culprits
Snatch your ice off, chillin' in the back, throw the lights off
Waves, water blend, rhyme flow in slow motion
Thick snare, I'm feelin' like a snail in the ocean
What's your wish? Wanna Kringle like Kris?
Melodic single, darts snap a nigga just like fish
You fucked up, some rich niggas you done test, yo
Select the wrong apartment and niggas pulled up your 'dress
Style, molest that, Canal chain, nigga, where your vest at?
Flex'll make me wanna bless that, yo
Saddam Hussein niggas, light the torch, we flamin' niggas
Autograph that, flatten all the main niggas

(It's yours) The world in the palm of your hand
(It's yours) Twenty-three million of useful land
(It's yours) The seed and the black woman
(It's yours) Double LP from Wu-Tang Clan
(It's yours) Yo
(It's yours)
Super freak physique like Raphael Saadiq
Baby love the ganja leaf every day of the week
Super friends wake up, deluxe gourmet beats
The night is right, I might find me a suite
It's a quarter full moon, I arrive, women swoon
Well groomed, dance hall packed, full room
Lady move, peep my glide, peep my zoom
Keep in stride, smoke the la, smoke the boom
Feel the fumes, consume toxic tunes
Hellbound, species forty ounce typhoon
The ultraviolet scream machine move your body touch
The totem pole wobble, Ark builders, God's thrust
Beams of light, stop your breathin', it's huntin' season
Honey eye-ballin' down for no reason
Grab her close, play post, wind and wax floors
Never mind the laws 'cause tonight, it's yours

Yo, stop the fader of the RAM, blast more watts through my pre-amp
Them camps better revamp their shit or get blamped
At full throttle, hot lead propels throughout my nozzle
Crack your skull like bottles, leave you stiff as models
You fag, you couldn't pull one drag off my blunt
You couldn't punch your way out of a wet paper bag
With scissors in your hands, bitch, the RZA
I stand close to walls like Number 4 The Lizard
And channel through solar panels, blast off like roman candles
Rap vandals, stomp your ass like Wahoo McDaniel
You cocker spaniel dogs can't fuck with our catalog
Put your lights out and leave your brain inside a fog
It's only natural, actual facts are thrown at you
The impact'll blow trees back and crack statues
Million dollar rap crews fold, check the sick shit, explicit
I crystallize the rhyme so you can sniff it
We live this, fitted hats low conceal the crooked eye
No surprise, verbal stick up, put 'em high
Rebel I outlaw, split second on the draw
Blow the door off the shit like bricks of C-4

(It's yours) The world in the palm of your hand
(It's yours) Twenty-three million of useful land
(It's yours) The seed and the black woman
(It's yours) Double LP from Wu-Tang Clan
(It's yours)
(It's yours)
(It's yours)

Check out my beaver, baby blue Glock in the safe
Seen Dorothy in the Garden gettin' skied, row eight
We hold a belt, son, that's my word
Spot a rapper, run him down, throw him out in the third
Yo, check it, I think like the man behind a register
Evergreen smokin' estates, Divine and Power made me treasurer
With third down, six to go, flash his strobe lights
I'm open, RZA hit me off lovely and I love him
With root beer thoughts, here's a tennis court for your birthday
The babyface of rap politic with Sade
Avengin' eagle crooks, rock the W and Spiegel books
Anheuser-Busch kings came through and stopped your whole juks
Spitfire Kangols, watch Tony train a gang of hoes
Painful like hearin' the news like when your man go
Ends blow, windy at times, watch the room
Sexy girl love the shit out the song, now watch her water break
(It's yours) The world in the palm of your hand
(It's yours) Twenty-three million of useful land
(It's yours) The seed and the black woman
(It's yours) Double LP from Wu-Tang Clan
(It's yours)

(It's yours)10EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
But still, if one of their men is so ferocious
Don't worry about it
A disciple
I'm well aware of the fact that my kung-fu is unbeatable
Brother, we're trapped
Shaolin here
You must take my hand
Don't resist
You are a traitor
Avenge masters death
I rely on you

People say
Love is just a energy
Dealing with the claim baby
(Oh baby)

That’s when my heart turned cold
I'm a product of the block
We used to cook the product in the pot
Add soda, turn the product into rock
It's in my DNA, you see it started with my pops
In his heyday he probably put your father in a box
In my heyday, I probably put the product in my sock
Ain't no vacay, the props become a problem when it's hot
Mayday mayday, but no charge, I'm nutty with the bars
That's a payday so bruh, this ain't even a bar
This is AA, back up in the trunk with the AK
Each line pack a Fabolous punch, no diss to Ray J
Nah, see I don't dab and I don't nae nae
Got bottles coming out, warriors come out and play-ayy
Just know I'm Grade A, get a slice of bread
Okay, some hoods love me, some would like me dead
Okay, my goon's hungry, his eyes is red
But he clumsy, go "oops" upside your head
We had 'dro and po', suckers
Range Rovers flood up the Rucker
Me, a thousand chains on, I got put on well up
Evergreen baggies, selling capsules, running in classrooms
Slick bastards get cream, yelling 'Cash rule!'
Smile like Pacquiao, but under the leather
Hold a MAC 1-O, pumpin' up in 1 Oak, the Grammy hour
Coke chemists taste the flow, it's numb, needs copper rum
Blunting off the get back, salute me then one, I'm out
Off to the races, my blazers ain't patient
They want to spray shit, get elephant blown for stalking Rae shit
Jammies carry nitrogen, light up a section like I'm on Vicodin
Fuck with the righteous men, and we fighting 'em
Yeah, yeah, yeah, the rebels is here
Metals and gear, getting fried off the medical, that's incredible
The flyest, the most notorious while they tapping those liars
Off niggas heads like papayas

Before I poly, Red lighting the Bob Marley
So I can cipher God bodies from the John Gotti's
Everybody a boss, saying they time's money
Women injections, leave 'em with the odd bodies
Babies having babies, wearing Old Navy
Robbin' old ladies, that's a product of no home training
I show you the ropes, I'm narrating Al Haymon
I told Lighty, if I hate him, I'ma violate him
I'm not a shooter but I know shooters
And if them shooters don't shoot up, I'll go suit up
Redman and the W, it's televised
We ain't them niggas, media telling hella lies (Fuck you!)
This a campfire of a vampire
I don't sleep when hot beats through the amplifier
And every nigga got something to say
I'm like, 'Yeah okay, y'all corny anyway, Doc
People say
Love is just a energy
Dealing with the claim baby
(Oh baby)

My-my-my team hard, making 'em lean hard
You see more riders lined up than you'll see at a theme park
My queen hot, making the scene pop, routine, akh
Online gangstas, I'm giving them screenshots
Hard writing lyrics to God, right?
Twisting the tale, sick as hell, Christian Bale from The Dark Knight
On sight, fogging your fog lights, your dog's like
Swayze at the Road House, down for the bar fight
Like this, like an IG pic
Before the Seahawks' 24, Lord, I been on that beast shit
Pussy, you wack, something like a cheap trick
Mike in the Billie Jean vid, I got the streets lit
Shining star, find another, you gon' find it hard
Certain death, Deck'll walk off with minor scars
Firing squad, defying the odds
And the flow solitary, just me behind the bars

Sparks up the bullet-proof, game face intensity
Applying ingenuity, Tec criminology
Sharp mathematically
Certified, recognized by every eye worldwide
Back to the streets of the do or die hustler
I understand politics, consistent, never quit
Superstar, I write hits
Come have a listen y'all, getting money, flipping it
Scripting it, record it, fans then applaud it
Ship a hundred mil', they bought and took a snort of it
Quotes like heroin coke mixed with dope
Have a overdose cardiac, Allah spin the beat back
Watch the magnetic attract 'em, club pack 'em
They stiff 'cause their wisdom was stripped when I'm attacking
People say
Love is just a energy
Dealing with the claim baby
(Oh baby)

Out of everybody getting these deals, you got all these wack ass motherfuckers getting deals
These pussy ass motherfuckers, yknowhatI'msayin?
They getting deals and... 'everybody got a deal and everybody happy and shit'
The Wu-Tang, we the best15EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yo, this goes for all my brothers and sisters locked down
For all my peoples incarcerated, for those who ain't make it

Yo, in the housing, thousands seen early graves
Victims of worldly ways, memories stays engraved
All my live brothers is locked down with high numbers
The young hunger, blind to these lies, they die younger
In this New World, the Order slaughter men, women and children
Ten feet gates surround the building, keep us sealed in
The projects, lifeless like a Vietnam vet
Constant war, except for threats of enemy conquest
Crooked cops comb my building complex that's in the rumble
Streets are like a jungle, can't let my cypher crumble
Vivid thoughts, Devils resort to trick knowledge
They kick garbage, lust for chicks and quick dollars
I know the pain the game bring, I did the same thing
Spaced out in the staircase, performin' a sting
It's hard to keep control, I bless those who seek a scroll
Tryin' to reach a whole nation and break the sleeper hold
Not a role model, I walk a hard road to follow
I sold bottles of sorrow then chose poems and novels
The gospel was told, some souls it swallowed whole
Mentally they fold, and they eventually sold
Their life and times, deadly like the virus design
But too minute to dilute the scientist mind
You can't party your life away, drink your life away
Smoke your life away, fuck your life away
Dream your life away, scheme your life away
'Cause your seeds grow up the same way

A voice cries from the wilderness of the North
A representation of the families that lost one
All victims of incarceration
Or other divisions of the family structure
Youths are injected with serums that leads to skin irritations
Babies being born with disfigurations, experimentations
On their faces, there bear worry-ations
Of mothers that carry the pain
Of blood stained streets where sisters mourn and wail
Fifth brothers been slain from hails of gun fire
It lightly begins to rain
Screams of terror are hidden by the passin' trains
This can't be little Hussein
His uncle cries as he drops to his nephew's side, holdin' his cane
Just give me a name
Of who has inflicted this bitter sickness, and left us to witness

Yo, curses from war, innocent blood spills for days
Soothe in godly ways, hands, solemn in praise
Tree of life, more precious than rubies, golden game
The wise shall flourish inherit, Halls of Fame
Crime visions in my blood got me locked in prison
While we die, hard-livin' people whine about religion, vision
Blow, spin, and sin and killin' what's revealin'
It's a never endin' battle with no endin' or beginnin', listen
Zero process, progress, become the hunted
America's most wanted, good life, flaunt it, want it
Some love the speed, some satisfy a need
Some wanna be down, young gun seed, jungle breed
The strong must feed, someone die, someone bleed
One flew astray, and it caught my little seed
Can it be? The ice savage, trife life, made me grab the knife
The righteous man was beat with many stripes, pipes
Take in my energy, breath and know the rest
'Cause the good die young and the hard die best
You can't party your life away, drink your life away
Smoke your life away, fuck your life away
Dream your life away, scheme your life away
'Cause your seeds grow up the same way
'Cause your seeds grow up the same way
'Cause your seeds grow up the same way

Y'all bitches love dances, and pullin' down your pants
While your man's on tour, your spendin' up his advances
Your friends ain't shit, all they do is drink, smoke, and suck dick
The whole projects is trapped in six
You either high school drop-outs, one to three cop-outs
Fifteen years old, shorty ass and top out
Ninety-nine cent beer drinkin', pussy stinkin'
Fuckin' so much, your ass and titties start shrinkin'
New World Order slave trade, minimum wage, Medicaid
Can a devil fool a Muslim nowadays?
Inside my lab, I'm goin' mad
Took two drags off the blunts, and started breakin' down the flag
The blue is for the Crips, the red is for the Bloods
The white's for the cops, and the stars come from the clubs
Or the slugs that ignites through the night, by the dawn early light
Why is sons fightin' for the stripe?
As we dwell through this concrete hell, callin' it home
Mama say, "Take your time, young man, and build your own
Don't wind up like your old dad
Still searchin' for them glory days he never had"
So many bad want to scheme for American dream, no more kings
The cash rule everythin' now, we goin' down
These babies lookin' up to us, it's up to us
The Million Man March MC's, get on the bus
But envy, greed, lust and hate separate
Though the devil mind state blood kin cannot relate
No longer brothers, we unstable
Like Cain when he slew Abel, killin' each other

You can't party your life away, drink your life away
Smoke your life away, fuck your life away
Dream your life away, scheme your life away
'Cause your seeds grow up the same way
'Cause your seeds grow up the same way
'Cause your seeds grow up the same way9EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Ladies and gentlemen, we'd like to welcome to you
All the way from the slums of Shaolin
Special uninvited guests
Came in through the back door
Ladies and gentlemen, it's them!

Dance with the mantis, note the slim chances
Chant this anthem, swing like Pete Sampras
Taking it straight to Big Man On Campus
Brandish your weapon or get dropped to the canvas
Scandalous, made the metro panic
Cause static with or without the automatic
And while I'm at it, yo, you got cash, pass it
It's drastic, gotta send half to Dirty Bastard

Ayo, ayo, waves is spinning, blades is spinning
Slay 'em in the eighth inning
Stay truck, god stay playing linen
Kill rap, observe the uptowns, ho, feel that
Mink jeans on, seen where the real at
2000 Zitos, moving with a ill ego
For real, for real, ill lines, ill people
Yo, bring it back, 9 more civilians
Pollying deals, monopoly and bills, y'all niggas lying
Caught 300, lab look royal wit a mean stomach
Go broke, all seen, done it
Words from the heavy set, if I don't eat
Then we already met fly-ass bro, liver than coke
Now what Clan you know with lines this ill?
Bust shots at Big Ben like we got time to kill
Niggas can't gel or I'm just too high to tell
Put on my gasoline boots and walk through Hell
With 9 generals, 9 ninjas in your video
9 milli blow, semi-auto with no serial
Man metaphysical, I speak for criminals
Who don't pay they bills on time and fuck with digital
Never seen, smoke a bag of evergreen
My sword got a Jones, more heads for the severing
Johnny in the dungeon, taking all bets, throw ya ones in
Scared money don't make money, throw ya guns in

That's word to Damo, San Juan, Puerto Rico
Blowin hydro on a beach wit Tamiko
My gun bullet hollow for you to swallow
Blowin' the nozzle, hear it whistle
One in the head, this is code red, man for dead
X amount of lead spray from the barrel
Heat clear the street like Connor O'Carroll
Fully equipped, rifles, banana clip shit
To make my niggas from East New York flip

Yo, you may catch me in a pair of Polo Skipperys, matching cap
Razor blades in my gums (BOBBY!)
You may catch me in yellow Havana Joe's goose jumper
And my phaser off stun (BOBBY!)
Y'all might just catch me in the park playin' chess, studyin' math
Signin 7 and a Sun (BOBBY!)
But you won't catch me without the ratchet, in the joint
Smoked out, dead broke or off point (BOBBY!)
Wallo's comfortable, chocolate frosting
Your socks hangin' out, yours is talkin'
Rock so steadily, son, I'm still crazy
Sport my old Force MD furs from the 80's
Nat Turners wit burners, Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Taught y'all niggas how to rap, reimburse me
Rothsdale's, ruby red sales, Bloomingdale's, blocks
Ox tails chopped up in Caribbean spots
I'm nice, maxed out, creepin' wit the ax out
Murder these bikini bitches, switchin' with their backs out
Niggas wanna pop shit, I pop clips
Bitch, I'll put my dick on ya lips
Alabama split, hammer slay quick
That David Banner gamma ray shit
Shells in the mouth, jailhouse snitch
My powder voice, Snow White sniff
Verbal killas, gorilla grip
God body shit, puff Marley spliffs

You might see me in a 6, that's not my style
You might see me wit a bitch, that's not my child
I be in the benzo, keep a low profile
Dead serious, take flicks and don't smile
Tryna get money, y'all cats is wild
I pose for the clothes, make a song like wild
I'm a chip off the board game, got sword game
Live life to the fullest, still want more fame
Darts on layaway, beats on standby
Outfits pressed up, ready for airtime
Run on the track like Jesse Owens
Broke the record flowing without any knowing
That my wordplay run the 400 meter relay
It's on once I grab the baton from the DJ
A athlete wit his iron cleat in the ground
Wireless nigga who sprint off the gun sound
The best time yet still 7.0
Swift flow made the cameramen clothes blow8EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Niggas on the left, brag shit to death
Now hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, c'mon and attract to what
Clan in da front, let your feet stomp
Niggas on the left, brag shit to death
Hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, c'mon and attract to what
This goes back to nineteen..
Ahem, check it, yo
GOOD MORNING VIETNAM!!
Yeah, good morning to all you motherfuckin notty-headed niggas
Word to the camouflage large niggas
Bitch niggas fuckin my body
Bring that fuckin meth in here
Yo yo yo yo
Now we gonna drink some good Nightrain

Champion gear that I rock, you get your boots knocked
Then attack you like a pit that lock shit DOWN
As I come and freaks the sound, hardcore
But giving you more and more, like ding!
Nah shorty, get you open like six packs
Killer Bees attack, flippin what, murder one, phat tracks
A'ight? I kick it like a Night Flite!
Word life, I get that ass raw, I'm fulla spite!
Check the method from Bedrock, cause I rock ya head to bed
Just like rockin what? Twin Glocks!
Shake the ground while my beats just break you down
Raw sound, we going to war right now
So, yo, bombin
We Usually Take All Niggas Garments
Save ya breath before I vomit
I be that insane nigga from the psycho ward
I'm on the trigger, plus I got the Wu-Tang sword
So how you figure that you can even fuck with mine?
Hey, yo, RZA! Hit me with that shit one time!
And pull a foul, niggas save the beef on the cow
I'm milkin this ho, this is MY show, tical
The FUCK you wanna do? More than Spike Lee's Do
I'm like a sniper, hyper off the ginseng root
PLO style, buddha monks with the owls
So who's the fucking man? Meth-Tical
On the chessbox

Yo, yeah, yo
I leave the mic in body bags, my rap style has
The force to leave you lost, like the tribe of Shabazz
Murderous material, made by a madman
It's the mic wrecker, Inspector, bad man
From the bad lands of the killer, rap fanatic
Representing with the skill that's iller
Dare to compare, get pierced just like an ear
The zoo-we-do-wop-bop strictly hardware
Armed and geared cause I just broke out the prison
Charged by the system - for murdering the rhythm!
Now, lo and behold, another deadly episode
Bound to catch another fuckin charge when I explode
Slammin a hype-ass verse til ya head burst
I ramshack dead in the track, and that's that
Rap assassin, fastin, quick to blast and hardrock
I ran up in spots like Fort Knox!
I'm hot, top notch, Ghost thinks with logic
Flashback's how I attacked your whole project
I'm raw, I'm rugged and raw! I repeat, if I die
My seed'll be ill like me
Approachin me, you out of respect, chops ya neck
I get vexed, like crashing up a phat-ass Lex'
So clear the way, make way, yo! Open the cage
Peace, I'm out, jettin like a runaway slave

Ya gettin stripped from ya garments, boy, run ya jewels
While the meth got me open like falopian tubes
I bring death to a snake when he least expect
Ain't a damn thing changed, boy, Protect Ya Neck
Ruler Zig Zag, Zig-Allah jam is fatal
Quick to stick my Wu-Tang sword right through ya navel
Suspenseful, plus bein bought through my utensil
The pencil, I break strong winds up against your
Abbot, that run up through your county like the Maverick
Caps through the tablets, I gots to make the fabrics
Are uh-ah-uh Are you a warrior? Killer? Slicin shit like a samurai
The Ol' Dirty Bastard from the bar
Ol' Dirty clan of terrorists
Comin atcha ass like a sorceress, shootin' that PISS!
Niggas be gettin on my fuckin nerves
Rhymes they be kickin make me wanna kick they fuckin ass to the curb
I got funky fresh, like the old specialist
A carrier, messenger, bury ya
This experience is for the whole experience
Let it be applied, and THEN DROP THAT SCIENCE

My my my
My Clan is thick like plaster
Bust ya, slash ya
Slit a nigga back like a Dutch Master Killer
Style jumped off and Killa, Hill-er
I was the thriller in the Ali-Frazier Manilla
I came down with phat tracks that combine and interlock
Like getting smashed by a cinder block
Blaow! Now it's all over
Niggas seeing pink hearts, yellow moons
Orange stars and green clovers15EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
 Yo, check check it
 You can never defeat
 Yo, check the method of this shit right here one time
 The Gods
 Sparkin' your brain cells to the upmost
 Impossible
 Unlimited epidemics bein' spreaded
 You can never defeat
 You know, we try and add on for y'all niggas
 The Gods
 Yo, yo

Fusion of the five elements, to search for the higher intelligence
Women walk around celibate, livin' irrelevant
The most benevolent king, communicatin' through your dreams
Mental pictures been painted, Allah's heard and seen
Everywhere, throughout your surrounding atmosphere
Troposphere, thermosphere, stratosphere
Can you imagine from one single idea, everything appeared here
Understanding makes my truth, crystal clear
Innocent black immigrants locked in housing tenements
Eighty-Five percent tenants dependent welfare recipients
Stapleton's been stamped as a concentration camp
At night I walk through, third eye as bright as a street lamp
Electric microbes, robotic probes
Takin' telescope pictures of globe
Babies gettin' pierced with microchips stuffed inside they earlobes
Then examinated, blood contaminated
Vaccinated, lives fabricated
Exaggerated authorization, Food and Drug Administration
Testin' poison in prison population
My occupation to stop the inauguration of Satan
Some claim that it was Reagan, so I come to slay men
Like Bartholomew, 'cause every particle is physical article
Was diabolical to the last visible molecule
A spaceknight like Rom, consume planets like Unicron
Blasting photon bombs from the arm like Galvatron
United Nations, gun bias style patient
Formulating rap plural a capella occupation
Conquer land like Napoleon, military bomb fest
We want sanitary food, planetary conquest
Thug peoples on some hardco' body shit
Get your shit together 'fore the fuck Illuminati hit
Dreams is free and escape is sleep
For a fool peep jewels, keep tools for tough time
The rule of rough mind, elevate, stay behind
The sun gotta shine, keep on, cremate
The whole Babylon, times up, move on
Kings on your pawn, checkmate, no fakes
Supposed through the gate, case closed things get froze
When it comes time, chosen ones will hold the guns
We take flight with no fright
And attack, never fear 'cause our words is clear
What's been done can't be undone, son, we can't care
'Cause the last days and times are surely here
Snakes and flakes get blown, by the righteous ones
Divine minds bind, we unified as one
Half of black folk, we half broke, smoke a bowl of weed shit
Our everlastin' essence stay flyin' over Egypt

For you to defeat, the Gods
Impossible, you can never defeat the gods
Impossible
For you to defeat, the Gods
Call an ambulance, Jamie been shot, word to Kimmy
Don't go, son, nigga, you my motherfucking heart
Stay still, son, don't move, just think about Keeba
She'll be three in January, your young God needs ya
The ambulance is takin' too long
Everybody get the fuck back, excuse me, bitch, gimme your jack
1-7-1-8, 9-1-1, low battery, damn
Blood comin' out his mouth, he bleedin' badly
Nahhh, Jamie, don't start that shit
Keep your head up, if you escape hell, we gettin' fucked up
When we was eight, we went to Bat Day to see the Yanks
In '69, his father and mines, they robbed banks
He pointed to the charm on his neck
With his last bit of energy left, told me rock it with respect
I opened it, seen the God holdin' his kids
Photogenic, tears just burst out my wig
Plus he dropped one
Oh shit, here come his Old Earth with no shoes on
Screamin', holdin' her breasts with a gown on
She fell and then lightly touched his jaw, kissed him
Rubbed his hair, turned around, the ambulance was there
Plus the blue coats, Officer Lough, took it as a joke
Weeks ago he strip-searched the God and gave him back his coke
Bitches yellin', Beenie Man swung on Helen
In the back of a cop car, Dirty Tasha tellin'
But suddenly, a chill came through, it was weird
Felt like my man, was cast out my heaven now we share
Laid on the stretcher, blood on his Wally's like ketchup
Deep like the Paul assassination with a sketch of it
It can't be, from Yoo-hoo to Lee's
Second grade humped the teachers, about to leave
Finally, this closed chapter comes to an end
He was announced, pronounced dead, y'all, at 12:10
Now what my man is tryin' to tell y'all
Is that across the whole globe
The murder rates is increasin', and we decreasin'
So at the same time, when you play with guns
When you play with guns, son
That causes the conflict of you goin' against your own
You hear me? So let's pay attention
Straight up and down, 'cause this is only a story
From the real7EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy