Man, I hate rap, but if the shoe fits, wear it
I've become a freak of nature all the kids stare at
Who walk around bumpin' Raw with the shit blarin'
Saying "Fuck school!" and droppin' out like a miscarriage
I'm embarrassed and I'm ashamed
I played a part in this devilish game
Makin' your common sense perish
But I ain't takin' the full blame
'Cause most of you chumps runnin' around here ain't never had strict parents
All of your brain cells rottin' from weed
You feelin' like if you ain't got it, life's not as complete
You havin' sex with every-motherfuckin'-body you see
With a past so dark that Satan'd jump out of his seat
But still you out in these streets, thinkin' you hot as can be
Without the knowledge to lead, so you just follow the sheep
Makin' sure your lame swag is all polished and clean
While your favorite rapper's like, "Yeah, he got it from me"
You been brainwashed by a fake life that you're used to livin'
When I say the word "fun," what do you envision?
Probably drinkin' and smokin' out with your crew and chillin'
With clueless women you tryin' to bang, bumpin' New Edition
Is that all you think life really is?
Well, if so, then you're a fuckin' idiot
I honestly feel like grabbing your head and hitting it
Matter of fact, you don't even deserve a brain — give me it!
Do you even have any goals
Aside from baggin' these hoes and packin' a bowl?
Well, let me guess — no
You're only in school because your parents make you go
When all you do is play beer pong and hang out with the bros
Yo, society's got you livin' for a whack cause
You're a fuckin' adult with no skills at all
You don't read any books or play ball
You don't draw — you literally do nothing at all!
Still you fiend for the glamorous fruits
You don't have, 'cause you idolize rappers that do
And all they say is, "I got money and it's stacked to the roof"
And now you think that it's gon' magically just happen to you?
How? Your lazy ass don't commit to labor
You pick somethin' up, try it out, and put it down two minutes later
Then you complain about your life 'cause it ain't gettin' catered
Now whoever tries to call you on your bullshit's a hater?
You wanna succeed, you have to try; or one day you'll get older
And regret it all 'cause you can't provide
Your friends are lowlives, don't act surprised
Look, just cut the bad fruit off of the tree, make the sacrifice
Girls, stop actin' like you want a guy
With traits like Romeo — bitch, that's a fuckin' lie!
You always talk about how every man's fake and you can't take it
And you want somethin' real — shut up, tramp, save it!
Twice a week you put on your makeup and damn bracelets
And head to the club half-naked with your ass shakin'
Pullin' a lowlife nigga who claim he cash-makin'
'Til you let him hit and find out he work at the gas station
One of them niggas got you pregnant and you can't raise it
But you caused it, your actions made a fat statement
You want Romeo, then act patient
And stop frontin' like he in the club posted in the back waitin'
It's the club, where guys put on a new persona
After they get loaded with a few Corona's
They always shoutin' and wild out
With habits that very few condone of
Then they look for beautiful brainless bitches like you to bone 'em
Then when they leave you, you cry and cry
Talkin' about, "Oh my god, I can't find a guy!
I've spent so many years and I've tried and tried!
Why am I even on Earth? I should die!"
You want Romeo, you're not worthy
You're cock-thirsty, you're nasty and probably got herpes
Sometimes the secret to findin' is to stop searchin'
Try a new formula, 'cause your last one's not workin'
The term "real nigga" is publicly used
And I need to know what it means, 'cause I'm fuckin' confused
Are you one for always bustin' your tool
With nothin' to lose and somethin' to prove
To homies up in your crew?
Is it because you're sellin' drugs to get loot
And brag about how you done been shot and stabbed
Like it's fun to be you?
But your life's a struggle, right, and you just hustlin' through?
Nah, you hamster-ass nigga, you just stuck in a loop
Man, why do black people gotta be the only ones who can't evolve?
'Cause you in the streets actin' like a neanderthal
It's clear you can't stand the law
You're lost as an abandoned dog
And all you're interested in is fightin', rappin' and basketball
I can't even fuck with you
'Cause if we out in public, you gon' get caught stealin' some shit, and get my ass in trouble, too
You'll get old and be nothin'
Livin' life in these streets, thuggin'
And starting shit with anybody mean-muggin'
Look at you, a real nigga, thinkin' your life's cool
Girls used to turn me down for guys who were like you
'Til you grab their heart and shove a spearhead right through
Then they regret it because it wasn't the right move
Your "real nigga" talk seems bogus
A real nigga don't brag about being real as long as he knows it
And his future doesn't seem hopeless
A real nigga stays out of jail, handles shit and he keeps focused
To all you rappers whose soul is out in the wrong
You inspired the issue I wrote about in this song
You go to prowl on the young who roam around in the slums
See, this is what happens when rap's overcrowded with bums
Hope the hour is long when I'm rollin' out with your tongue
The man above is my guide, you know the power is strong
All you menacin' freaks are only in it for cheese
And the mass-control limit was breached — fuck hip-hop!
They only in it for cheese, and any eyewitness can see
They purposely makin' the innocent weak
My existence on this planet's for you, I ain't only here to benefit me
Yo, we need to make a change while there's still time
It is hard, and sometimes I struggle tryin' to reveal mine
I can guide you if you feel blind
I just need you to be willin' to journey into my ill mind259EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
It's us, find power
Live life, mind power
It's us, find power
Live life, mind power

Yo, fuck anybody I might alarm
Life is a tour, I sit and ride along
Takin' some notes and then I write the songs
I’m starin' down the road my life has gone
Is this where I belong?
Is it wrong to not believe in right and wrong?
My mental state is fuckin' me up, and I cried a pond
While asking you for some answers, but we don’t have that type of bond
That my desires gone with the way that I’ve been livin' lately
If I died right now, you’d turn the fire on
Sick of this bullshit, niggas call me a sell-out
'Cause I hopped to Christianity so strongly, then I fell out
Now I’m avoidin' questions like a scared dog with his tail down
Feelin' so damn humiliated, 'cause they lookin' at me like I’m hellbound
What story should I tell now? I’ll just expose the truth
I'm so close to the fuckin' edge, I should be close to you
But who the fuck are you? You never showed the proof
And I’m only fuckin' human, yo, what am I s'posed to do?!
There’s way too many different religions with vivid descriptions
Beggin' all fuckin' men and women to listen
I can’t even beat my dick without gettin' convicted
These ain’t wicked decisions, I got different intentions
I've been itchin' to get it, I’ve been given assistance
But the whole fuckin' system is twisted
Now I’m dealin' with this backlash because Marcus isn't a Christian
And I’ve been told that my sinful life is an addiction
But I can’t buy it, it’s just too hard to stand beside it
I need an answer, humans can’t provide it
I look at the Earth and Sun and I can tell a genius man designed it
It’s truly mind-blowin', I can’t deny it
Is Heaven real? Is it fake? Is it really how I fantasize it?
Where’s the Holy Ghost at? How long’s it take a man to find it?
My mind’s a nonstop tape playin' and I can’t rewind it
You gave me the Bible and expect me not to analyze it?!
I’m frustrated and you provoked it
I’m not readin' that motherfuckin' book, because a human wrote it
I have a fuckin' brain, you should know it
You gave it to me to think, to avoid every useless moment
It was a mission that I had to abort
'Cause humans be lyin', we're such an inaccurate source
It’s gon’ be hard to put me back on the course
Next Jehovah’s Witness to come on my porch I swear I’m slammin’ the door
A lot of folks believe it though, but I’m not surprised
Humans are fuckin' dumb, still thinkin' that Pac’s alive
I ain’t tryna take your legacy and torch it down
I’m just sayin', I ain’t heard shit from the horse’s mouth
Just sheep always tellin' stories of older guys
Who were notarized by you when you finally vocalized
Now I’m supposed to bow my head and close my eyes
And somehow let the Holy Ghost arise? Sounds like a fuckin' Poltergeist!
Show yourself, and then boom, it's done
Every rumor’s gone, I no longer doubt this shit, you’re the One
I’ll admit that my sinful ways was stupid fun
And all my old habits can hop on top of a roof to plunge
I’ll donate to a charity that could use the funds
Fuck the club; instead of bitches, I’d hang with a group of nuns
And everyone I ran into would know what I came to do
I wouldn't take a step unless it was in the name of you
I hate the fact that I have to believe
You haven’t been chattin' with me like you did Adam and Eve
And I ain’t seen no fuckin' talkin' snake unravel from trees
With an apple to eat, that shit never happens to me
I don’t know if you do or don’t exist, it's drivin' me crazy
Send your condolences, this is me reachin' to you, so don’t forget
If Hell is truly a pit of fire and I get thrown in it
I’ma prolly regret the fact that I ever wrote this shit
My gut feelin' says it’s all fake
I hate to say it, but fuck it, shit, I done lost faith
This isn’t a small phase, my perspective’s all changed
My thoughts just keep pickin' shit apart all day
And in my mind I make perfect sense
If you aren’t real, then all my prayers aren’t worth a cent
That would mean that I can just make up what my purpose is
And I could sit in church and just say “fuck” in the services
Man, what if Jesus was a facade?
Then that would mean the government’s God
I feel like they’ve been brainwashin' us with a lot
So much that we don’t even notice that we’re stuck in a box
Man, everything is “what if?” — why is it always “what if?”
Planet Earth “what if?”, the Universe “what if?”
My sacrifice “what if?!”, my afterlife “what if?!”
Every fuckin' thing that deals with you is fuckin' suspect
I’m fuckin' done!
I’m fuckin' done!
This is my fuckin' life
And I’m livin' it, I’m havin' fun
If you really care for me
Prove that I need to live carefully!
But I’ll be damned if I put my own pleasure aside
For an afterlife that isn’t even guaranteed
We are you, and you’re us
Stop playin' games!
My life’s all I got
And Heaven is all in my brain
And when I feel I'm in Hell
My ideas are what get me through pain
Do as you please, and I’ll just do me
I’m a human, I’ll stay in my lane; Ill mind
It's us, find power
Live life, mind power
It's us, find power
Live life, mind power430EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Nigga, what the fuck? (What the fuck?)
Homie, I made you rich, paid your rent (Damn right!)
Bitin' the hand that was feedin' you
This shit don't make any sense
Nigga, what the fuck? (What the fuck?)
You know this is that real shit
How you gon' forget who built this? (Huh?)
I'm the one who made the company all the millions
Now you got problems to deal with
Man, this is tough luck, see a couple weeks ago we was buds
And the crew that was killin' shit was us
'Til you turned on me, homie, that's fucked up
I ain't keepin' this shit on the hush, hush
On my chest I just carry too much stuff
I done had it, enough is enough, bruh
Plus I needed somethin' to get my buzz up
You done fucked with the wrong dude
Ain't no tellin' what Hopsin is gon' do, creepin' up on you
Quit your sleepin', I told you
This a mothafuckin' journey we finna go through
If I ain't have so much to lose
I swear to God I'd probably beat up and choke you (Damn!)
Nigga, this is that raw shit (Right?)
That organic flow you probably see up in Whole Foods
Shiver me timbers, somethin's fishy 'bout you, Mr. D Ritter
When I told you that I wanted new management
Why the fuck you throw a fit and seem bitter?
Why you catch an attitude whenever I question you
About all my fuckin' percentages?
I know why (Why?), you've been bendin' it
In your benefit—your honor, I'm innocent!
This nigga crazy, I'm tellin' all of my people (You tell 'em!)
He takin' all of my C-Notes (It's true)
See, he has a gamblin' issue
He takes the cash and blows it all at casinos (Damn!)
Uh-oh, when I bring up my royalties
You start avoidin' me, that's some disloyalty
You woke up the evil boy in me, your ass is poisonin
Tell me why you would destroy FV?
This was a fuckin' vision that I had created with your brother
But you too infatuated with the money
You killed it and ran it straight into the gutter
Now I think, "Why'd I make D—A—M—E the boss?"
You keep pissin' a whole lot of people off
Our whole label came out with a weak result
You on that same bullshit Tomica brought
Nigga, I don't know what you thought
You think I can't see the blood on the walls?
Blood on the walls, that ain't goin' down, nigga
I don't know what you thought
I can clearly see the blood on the wall
Blood on the walls, that ain't goin' down, nigga
Ain't got time for your bullshit
Everybody knows you be on it
Ain't got time for your bullshit
Everybody knows you be on it
Ain't got time for your bullshit
Everybody knows you be on it
Ain't got time for your bullshit

Hold up! Hold up!
I got some more shit to say, yo

It's supposed to be Funk Volume, isn't it?
Thought it was music above all the business
But you just said: "Fuck all you niggas!"
You tarnished the brand
And you started a Funk Volume Fitness?
Come on now, really think
Got us portrayin' somethin' we really ain't
How we supposed to be ill
When you on our website with a Shake weight
Tryna be Billy Blanks—nigga, thanks!
Fool, ain't nobody tryna lift weights
We just wanna hit up the studio and just rap and do shows
But you don't understand the culture of hip-hop
You a lame-ass nigga, Dame, half the crew knows
New-Age Jerry Heller, a scary fella
I hate your fuckin' name, every letter
I'm very fed up, you actin' like an ordinary heffa
I'ma take you to the mortuary dress-up
We gave you our trust, then you had us cornered
You got us a shitty label deal with Warner
And if I confront you about it
You tell me I need counsellin' and I got a disorder
You sent me on tour and it's horror
Shitty hotels, no sleep, with no food to order
Meet and greets every single day, it's torture
How you expectin' an A1 performer?
Every time somethin's wrong it's the same thing (What?)
Blah-blah-blah-blah, you just blame me (Damn!)
Then you tell Brooklyn and Jammie (Damn!)
Now they both thinkin' I'm crazy (Damn!)
I deal with this on the daily (Damn!)
My career mentally rapes me (Damn!)
I won't let this nigga break me
He prayin' Dizzy Wright is gon' replace me, shady
What are your fuckin' motives, Dame? Let's talk about it!
Umm, you're our manager, our label-owner, our accountant
Hmm, that's kinda tricky
Somethin is fishy, that's risky
We just don't even know
We go with the flow while you rowin' the boat
You keepin' it simple-minded
'Cause you knowin' our only concern is just hopin' we blow
So, when all the money come in from our album and tours
You sit there and soak in the dough
When did we ever ask about the gross?
When did we ever ask about the net?
You would just hand us money from our shows
'Cause you knew we wasn't questionin' the checks
Nigga, I trusted you with my life
You upped your percentage, so I'm makin' less?!
Fuck you, bitch, you get no respect!
This is why Hop is comin' for your neck (Bless!)
All you care about is makin' money
You don't care about a fuckin' soul though
You just fluctuate our dollars up and down
At your convenience like a fuckin' pogo
You been screwin' everybody on the label on the low
And they don't even know though
So, good luck, Jarren, Dizzy, Hoppa, SwizZz, I'm goin' solo
Nigga, I don't know what you thought
You think I can't see the blood on the walls?
Blood on the walls, that ain't goin' down, nigga
I don't know what you thought
I can clearly see the blood on the wall
Blood on the walls, that ain't goin' down, nigga
Ain't got time for your bullshit
Everybody knows you be on it
Ain't got time for your bullshit
Everybody knows you be on it
Ain't got time for your bullshit
Everybody knows you be on it
Ain't got time for your bullshit

Change is one of the most difficult things that we face. But change is inevitable
One reason we don't like change is we get comfortable where we are. We get used to our friends, our job, the place we live. And even if it's not perfect we accept it, because it's familiar. And what happens is, because we're not willing to change, we get stuck in what God used to do, instead of moving forward into what God is about to do
Just because God's blessed you where you are doesn't mean you can just sit back and settle there. You have to stay open to what God is doing now. What worked five years ago may not work today. If you're going to be successful, you have to be willing to change
Every blessing is not supposed to be permanent, every provision is not supposed to last forever. We should constantly evaluate our friendships. Who's speaking into your life? Who are you depending on? Make sure they're not dragging you down, limiting you from blossoming. Everybody is not supposed to be in our life forever
If you don't get rid of the wrong friends, you will never meet the right friends71EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Check it, I used to be the goofy man you hounded
The Special Ed kid at lunchtime
The bitches wouldn't stand around with
I would jack off so much back at my parents' house
And now my dick has a permanent imprint
Of my hand around it
Life was lame, I had to pay money to fuck a whore
I couldn't pull a damn anorexic bitch in a tug o' war
But then I made enough money for me to fund a tour
Now the ladies show me the goodies under their wonderbra
I'm goin' door to door, with foreign swords
Causin' more than war
Slayin' rappers, commercial or horrorcore
So, hold your head, 'cause I'ma torture yours
Leavin' morbid sores
I promise you it will be hard to ignore the gore
Hip-hop's dead, and I'm the lucky savior
I'm kinda mad and I don't wanna pile up the anger
All these no-flow, gimmicky-ass, fired-up behaviors
With wack beats and gap teeth like Tyler, The Creator
Motherfucker, you not dope
So you tryna get some attention by cussin'
And eatin' a fuckin' cockroach?
In "Goblin"? You get no props on it
It sucks so much I get blowjobs from it
I been told you niggas, "I'm real!"
If you wack and no one's confronted you
On your bullshit, then I will
Hate on me, but you can't deny skill
I crush all the momentum that you guys build
With my eyes sealed
You faggots got me cussin'
And only reason you probably buzzin'
Is 'cause you slave as an Illuminati puppet
Y'all really on one, beat it, you're gone, done
You think real niggas feelin' your shit? C'mon, son!
I'm the illest and that's fo' shizzle
My flow sizzles, your boy Hop go hard like some cold nipples
You niggas are makin' it so simple
My swag makes the ladies wave
Like fat stomachs with bold ripples
I know you niggas wish you could prevent it, 'cause I get buck like my Kool Aid's got way too much sugar in it
You better run like I'm booger-flickin'
Homie, I've been good at rappin'
Now I'm tryin' to get gooder with it
So I'ma just go beast, and bring that West Coast heat
'Cause I'll be damned if you flex on me
The radio is filled with garbage over techno beats
And all these songs about cash are what we just don't need
Yo, nobody care about how much money you stack
I murder everything I touch, buddy, move back!
Got enough guts to sew trash and bust up your fluke act
And leave your fans sayin', "How the fuck does he do that?"
My rankin' is vicious, you thinkin' it isn't?
Come pay me a visit if you feel that you may be offended
Baby, I'm wicked, crazy and sick
And with the face of a nimwit
I be callin' out names, but I ain't takin' attendance
Some bitch was like…
"Hop, you got me cryin'
'Cause you said I could call you
While you out on tour, shit, and I be tryin'
I even text you, but you not replyin'
So when your new shit finally drop
That's one album I will not be buyin'
What, you're too Hollywood?
And you don't even have two minutes?
Ever since you got your buzz
You don't know how bad you trippin'
You went to that ho's house last night
And you said that you didn't
I seen your pic on Facebook
The skank bitch done tagged you in it!"

I got put on with the beastie flow
Now the sluts, they wanna bone when they see me, whoa!
So I must, I take 'em home, let the wee wee grow
Then I bust from different strokes, like the TV show
See, when I be comin' through
Kickin' it raw, niggas like, "Gee, he's dope!"
If there's anyone throwing dirt at my name
Then you know he be toast
For all of you rappers who bringin' me drama
Homie, please be ghost
The only reason I'm bein' aggressive is 'cause we need hope
"Hey yo, Hopsin, I fuckin' love you
'Cause you supply the best rhymes
Since your flow is kinda strange
You should sign with Tech N9ne
You design erect lines, who am I to just lie?
Every single night I play your music right at bedtime
And usually I'm not into dark dick
I wanna do somethin' freaky enough to win your heart with"
I say, "What you wanna do?", she say, "It's simple, Marcus
I wanna blow it before you put it in like a Nintendo cartridge"

Bitch, I'm hotter than a UV ray
Hotter than the thought of Nicki Minaj naked
Makin' her booty shake
Hot enough to pull up to yo' show and steal yo' groupie date
Hot enough to melt the ice cream that's on Gucci's face
And now you havin' hot flashes
All the shit that you ever wanted in one MC, Hop has it
Don't rap if you do not practice
I cockblock wack shit, now get ready for Knock Madness!67EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yeah, Hopsin, Funk Volume
C'mon, keep sleepin' on me!
Hollywood-ass rappers, bitch-ass females!
Huh, that's enough to make a nigga flip

I erupt like a bomb, so give up the baton
I'll slap you after bustin' a fuckin' nut in my palm
Why you muggin' me like somethin' was wrong?
Just take a puff of the bong
And let me leave your mind corrupt from the song
See, you can't stop me, 'cause I'ma brainwash teens
And create false dreams, 'cause it pays﻿ off clean
I'm just an idiotic, ironic, symbolic, Illuminatic product
That's gonna be killed if I talk about it (Shhh!)
This industry bidness is all screwed up
I have no favorite rapper, because all you suck
I sever the weakest niggas who not on my pedigree
'Cause on a tombstone is as hard as their name will ever be
I'm judged by my wild image a lot
And everybody seems to think I have a sinister plot
I do! Be offended by every sentence I jot
I got some militant thoughts
And you ain't killin' 'em off, so listen!
I sag my pants until my ass shows
I even slap hoes (Bitch!)
Yeah, I'm an asshole, yeah, yeah
And your parents hate me 'cause I love you (So?)
Tell 'em I said "Fuck you!"
Yeah I said "Fuck you!" — yeah, yeah

I snuck in Drake's house when he was alone inside (uh-oh)
You can say I have a bogus mind (Yep)
I dimmed the lights down and closed the blinds
Around his neck is where my rope was tied
I yanked on it 'til it broke his spine (Yeah!)
Lately I been fuckin' pissed off (Why?)
'Cause everybody's sayin' Lil Wayne spits raw
I'll start a big brawl, and slam his ass into a brick wall
And have a fat nigga sit on him, Rick Ross (Boss!)
I don't play with this rap shit
I got no life, I stay in the attic
Fuck a rap career, I'm waitin' to smash it
Soulja Boy, you﻿ got a corny flow
So you can suck my fuckin' dick through a glory hole
I'm just bein' me, what you tryna hate for?
All you niggas is faker than Lupe Fiasco claimin' he skateboards
Yeah right, that nigga can't even ollie
Push him away on the dolly
Not even Satan can stop me—what!
I sag my pants until my ass shows
I even slap hoes (Bitch!)
Yeah, I'm an asshole, yeah, yeah
And your parents hate me 'cause I love you (So?)
Tell 'em I said "Fuck you!"
Yeah I said "Fuck you!" — yeah, yeah

I'm pro'ly the sickest motherfucker who don't get recognized
Eazy-E's wife's life somewhere now jeopardized
She signed me and I was set aside
For like three and a half years, I don't think I remember why
I'm fuckin' dope, and this is my reward?
That's wacker than the 500 dollars you signed me for
Eazy's dead now, yeah the label's finally yours
Too bad he never knew that you were just a grimy whore
You can't maintain what Eric built (Nah!)
I know he's in his grave, turnin' like a ferris wheel (Ha!)
Don't think you cool just 'cause you inherit mills (Shit)
Bitch, bare the skills! I'm Hopsin, I spit shit so unfair and real
I got some deep, dark issues within
All because you lied and tried to pretend you a friend
Fuck Ruthless! Bitch, I'll never lend you a hand!
And I'ma make sure nobody ever sign wit' you again
You know why?
I sag my pants until my ass shows
I even slap hoes (Bitch!)
Yeah, I'm an asshole, yeah, yeah
And your parents hate me 'cause I love you (So?)
Tell 'em I said "Fuck you!"
Yeah I said "Fuck you!" — yeah, yeah56EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
You think you're original? You ain't original
You were programmed to be you
You're a slave, and you don't even know it
The shit you think of, ain't even your thoughts
Let's step out the box for a minute!

How do we know if God exists? How do we know it's positive?
Are you the definition of an angel or the opposite?
If you lost your wallet and I found it, I would not commit to stealin' it
But if the tables turned, then you would pocket it
See, I been me for so long, but I still don't know who Hopsin is
How come I'm the one my teachers used to have a problem with?
I show my music to different labels, they ain't too fond of it
But in the underground I seem to get so many compliments
Say my name and it's like people get afraid and shook
But if you take a look, you'll see I'm nothin' like an angry crook
I'm learnin' hands-on, you busy with your face in books
I'm here to benefit the world, so Heaven's where we're safely put
I'm not a devil, not speakin' in tongues
I just wanna touch your heart, I try to reach it in songs
I'm from where a child's future's on the streets with the bums
Because it's hard to become somethin' so unique where I'm from

When the sun's down
Nocturnal rainbows soar in the air so high
It may seem so that I can't see
But the darkness provides the light for me
I don't wanna be lonely
And the moon is my only homie
If there's a higher power, then show me
Instead of nocturnal rainbows
Obama's president, so? What's he represent?
Just because the nigga's half black don't mean he's Heaven-sent
You're clueless to evidence and all the minds he's messin' with
His charmin' smile hasn't got my ass up out this debt for shit
Frontin' like he's truly Jesus, and all you fools believe it
The change he's makin' isn't good, that's just how you conceived it
It's like we're all broker than ever, it's due to reasons
Dealin' with self-beneficial plans and the movement he's with
Illuminati, or whatever the fuck they go by
They're the reason weird shit happens and we don't know why
Why did Michael Jackson start his tour, then have to go die?
How did rap music go from really good to so dry?
Real artists get shelved and wack ones get famous
To leave masses brainless, a smart mind is dangerous
In their eyes; there probably ain't no real shit in your playlist
You're just a product of what the government has created

When the sun's down
Nocturnal rainbows soar in the air so high
It may seem so that I can't see
But the darkness provides the light for me
I don't wanna be lonely
And the moon is my only homie
If there's a higher power then show me
Instead of nocturnal rainbows
Yo, we're all smart, and we know what's bad and good for us
But yet, when you got offered some marijuana, you took a puff
Your brain's a fuckin' powerhouse, but what, that wasn't good enough?
It's people like you who talk that "shoulda, coulda, woulda" stuff
You probably threw your life away ‘cause you would rather get high
With no license or car, so you bum rides to get by
Sayin', "I should've did this" or "I shouldn't have hung with this guy."
"I'm broke as fuck, my rent's high. Ah, I should've realized."
I ain't bein' cruel with these situations that I address
I more than likely could be someone you admire, yes
But it's because the blood, sweat and all the time that I invest
We play the same game, difference is you never try your best
You don't have a skill, you set yourself up for a higher mess
I work around the clock, you slack off for lots of time to rest
Keep bullshittin' till your life is gone
‘Cause livin's naturally hell, you have to work to put a smile on

When the sun's down
Nocturnal rainbows soar in the air so high
It may seem so that I can't see
But the darkness provides the light for me
I don't wanna be lonely
And the moon is my only homie
If there's a higher power then show me
Instead of nocturnal rainbows
When the sun's down
Nocturnal rainbows soar in the air so high
It may seem so that I can't see
But the darkness provides the light for me
I don't wanna be lonely
And the moon is my only homie
If there's a higher power then show me
Instead of nocturnal rainbows

Nocturnal rainbows soar in the air so high
Nocturnal rainbows soar in the air so high
Nocturnal rainbows soar in the air so high
Nocturnal rainbows soar in the air so high65EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Your bullshit, come off of that
Someone tell these motherfuckers that Hop is back!
I got my du-rag on with my fitted sittin’ on it
Now I’m ready to fuck the game up, nigga
They can get it (They can get it)
You can get it (You can get it)
Y'all can get it (It really doesn't matter, nigga)
Yeah! The Dark Knight's in this bitch
Without the mask and cape, I'm actin' ape shit
Faggot, embrace it, I just got validation
On my ass-whoopin' ticket; I'm that amazin'
It's my mad invasion of smashin' brains in
My fuckin' pen and pad was anxious
All these haters who mad and be naggin' at me
I flip they ass off like an acrobat on a trapeze
And I'll be lashin' back like a Shaq attack on these rap beats
You thought that I was done
With completely bein' an ass? Please!
Don't think you raw just 'cause you got success
I'll uppercut your ass so many times
You look like you was noddin' yes
I'm the only child that my mom regrets
Probly best that you don't buy my album
Save your money, yo, do not invest
Your bullshit, come off of that
Someone tell these motherfuckers that Hop is back!
I got my du-rag on with my fitted sittin’ on it
Now I’m ready to fuck the game up, nigga
They can get it (They can get it)
You can get it (You can get it)
Y'all can get it (It really doesn't matter, nigga)
I consider my flow a malignant rifle
And strip survival, and have you screamin'
Like R&B singers who hittin' high notes
It’s sick and spiteful, 2Pac’s twisted grim disciple
I been this nice, yo, way before Michael had vitiligo
My ex girl's heart is so bruised and burned
Beggin' me to quit rap
But I'm just not ready to let it loose for her
Am I Hopsin or am I Lucifer?
I didn't blow 'til I started talkin' a gang of shit
Tell me who you prefer
Nigga, you ain't ill in the booth
I'd die and do my next show as a hologram
And still be realer than you
See, I'm the shit, like I slithered in poo
I'm sicker than stickin' my freakin' dick
Inside a bitch's syphilis cooch; it's Knock Madness
Your bullshit, come off of that
Someone tell these motherfuckers that Hop is back!
I got my du-rag on with my fitted sittin’ on it
Now I’m ready to fuck the game up, nigga
They can get it (They can get it)
You can get it (You can get it)
Y'all can get it (It really doesn't matter, nigga)
I got a problem, yo, I was ecstatic to buy Yeezus
But I burned it first, heard it, and snapped it in five pieces
Man, Kanye on that bullshit
That’s why the paparazzi made that nigga hit his fuckin' head, that’s what that fool get
You think you God now
You half-assin' rap little faggot bitch?
Perhaps you suffered brain damage
Back when you had that accident
But most importantly, hip-hop isn’t dead no more, you see
'Cause Kendrick took the bar
And then raised it up higher for MC's
Unfortunately the little nigga's like 4 feet 3
The guy's a fuckin' midget, his high is still really short to me
Fuck givin' my pencil breaks
My mental state tells me to renovate
If you hand me your shit, I'll toss your demo tape
“Hop, if you're not spreading love
Then why do you even write music?"
'Cause this is how I feel
When I ain’t rappin' on the mic, you bitch!
Am I supposed to coat it up? Am I not allowed to open up?
I spill the blood of rappers
And use Weezy dreads to soak it up
Bustin' like South Central driveby's
Support the guy with white eyes
But nigga, don’t ride my dick when I’m on that high rise
Your bullshit, come off of that
Someone tell these motherfuckers that Hop is back!
I got my du-rag on with my fitted sittin’ on it
Now I’m ready to fuck the game up, nigga
They can get it (They can get it)
You can get it (You can get it)
Y'all can get it (It really doesn't matter, nigga)62EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
I remember the first time you overdosed
A fuckin' overload on meth
Paramedics saved your ass, you was close to ghost
You never did know which road to go
It’s like you rode the boat
And sailed away and hoped to hit the golden coast
But you sank like the Titanic
The incident, it left your life damaged
And that’s when I panicked
You thought you had it locked
Well, you ain’t on the right planet
If you're tryin' to live your life right, plan it
It’s like your mind vanished, you don’t even know that
I wish that we could go back
'Cause it’s so sad when I tell jokes and you don’t laugh
Like you used to, I really hate to stress it
But you strange to mess with, so I keep my distance
'Cause you always got this blank expression
Like you’re confused and unaware of yo' surroundings
Emotions have gone and no one’s found it
It’s overwhelmin', your momma told you that drugs are bad
But you ain't listen 'til the fire burned your ass
Now you understand

Now you always look like you don’t know me
And I’m mad at the world
'Cause the meth took away my homie
(Give me back my homie, please come home!)
I just wanna chill on the neighborhood block
Like we used to (Where’d you go?)
I never woulda thought my best friend be gone in the future
But I was wrong
I should've stopped you when I had the chance to do so
But back then I had felt like that was too bold
You started hangin' with new folks
And made the drug environment yo' new home
This world is too cold
Could I have prevented this? Who knows?
They convinced you that this shit was cool and hip to do
Sayin' it would lift your mood and make you feel invincible
So you started skippin' school
Hangin' with these wicked dudes
Unaware that when you got older you played a bigger fool
And it’s pitiful, where the fuck they at now?
In they mid-20s passed out inside of a crack house
Back when you met 'em I had doubts
They put you on the bad route, and when you needed they help to pick you up, they fuckin' backed out
They fuckin' got you, I can’t lie, but now your brain's fried
You don’t even act like you’re the same guy
Your momma told you that drugs are bad
But you ain’t listen 'til the fire burned your ass
Now you understand

Now you always look like you don’t know me
And I’m mad at the world
'Cause the meth took away my homie
(Give me back my homie, please come home!)
I just wanna chill on the neighborhood block
Like we used to (Where’d you go?)
I never woulda thought my best friend be gone in the future
But I was wrong
I ain’t never felt this shit before, it gets me sore
I reminisce on us playin' Nintendo 64
And that Christmas in '97 we got new crispy boards
And we was doin' ollies in my kitchen on the slippery floor
Shit changed and it happened quick, but I can’t forget
That you was the first homie I started rappin' with
You could’ve had half of this back when I had established it
But now I have to sit and feel bad
Look at what your actions did!
Man, you were so outgoin' and so hysterical
Seein' you now is just unbearable, it’s terrible
You should've made your choices wisely
Fuckin' with poison ivy; without your brain, please tell me, what would your point in life be?
It’s a struggle to get your ass to listen
Really hurt me and the rest of your family
With all your bad decisions
We always told you that drugs are bad
But you ain't listen 'til the fire burned your ass
Now you understand
Now you always look like you don’t know me
And I’m mad at the world
'Cause the meth took away my homie
(Give me back my homie, please come home!)
I just wanna chill on the neighborhood block
Like we used to (Where’d you go?)
I never woulda thought my best friend be gone in the future
But I was wrong
Excuse me, do you need a ride?
Looks like you’re goin' downtown
Yes, hop in my ride!
Well, hi, I’m Chris Dolmeth
I’m your best friend (Chris Dolmeth)
I’m all you need (Chris Dolmeth)
If you wanna succeed, hop in my ride
Well, hi, I’m Chris Dolmeth30EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
I was taught that education is the only way to make it
Then how'd I get so much money inside my savings?
My teachers never saw the heights that I was fuckin' aimin'
Did the man who invented college go to college? Hm, okay then
Am I the only one that noticed humans on the same shit?
Y'all thoughts are sailin' on the same ship
And if that's the case, then that's the reason that you ain't shit
Let me enlighten you, my niggas, just let your brain drift

First of all, the best type of marketin'
Is marketin' that doesn't feel like marketin'
It makes the people feel like they a part of it
And when it's done right, corporations think it's marvelous
They feed us these ideas and they would place 'em in our hearts to sit
It's why players are good at gettin' chicks
It's why Nike is good at sellin' kicks
It's why Disney is loved by all the kids
Why McDonald's owners are super rich
We're too blinded to ever see 'em pitch
See, when this happens we take our health
Wealth, lives, and just hand 'em off
Thinkin' that we did this from organic thoughts
I know you seen parents trick kids
With candy, toys, and Santa Claus
The same method is used to trap adults
But instead of candy, it's with money, religion, drugs, and alcohol
Mention that shit and it's gon' arouse us all
I done seen niggas get into fights over cigarettes like a pack of dogs
They get you hooked and then they laugh at y'all
I really hate to break it to you
But your life's bein' played with
You have not witnessed the world
'Cause you stuck in the Matrix
Everything we have been taught was all a lie
Open your eyes, open your mind, and fly

Man, can't you see we're robots
Who know not what we do and we got no shot
In the real world until we climb out of this ice-cold box
Your whole life has been part of a whole plot
To keep you at the bottom while they on top
Stay quiet, then they won't stop
They always tryna show us what we don't got
They do it to all of us 'til we finally break and go cop a gold watch
Knowin' we need the cash for rent, my ass is sick
Just thinkin' about how rich and powerful all these bastards get
They package ideas like it's oxygen
They make us feel like if we ain't got it we fucked and we cannot fit in
This fuckin' system is not your friend
And understand they controllin' your thoughts 'cause they got a lot to win
Niggas get turned away when I mention this
Ignorance is bliss, but I don't give a fuck, I won't censor shit
The Matrix is real and you done entered it
It's way too intricate for you to ever realize it you fuckin' simpleton
I really hate to break it to you
But your life's bein' played with
You have not witnessed the world
'Cause you're stuck in the Matrix
Everything we have been taught was all a lie
Open your eyes, open your mind, and fly

Yo, fuck Hollywood! Fuck all these reality shows!
Makin' us feel lame unless we blowin' stacks on new clothes
Makin' us feel like we ain't cool unless we have a few hoes
Makin' us feel like we ugly unless we have a new nose
I see naturally beautiful women get Botox, fake tits
Fake lips, they so brainwashed and it doesn't make sense
Focus on your life and the path you pursuin'
'Cause y'all too busy worried 'bout what Kim Kardashian's doin'
Check it, most of this shit that you sheep are watchin' on television
Is fake as fuck and it's not real, I rebel against it
It's the Devil's business, they just reel y'all in
If they say it we do it, yo I'm tryna tell y'all, man
The system created the stereotype for the Black image
That's why my people are scared to be different
Why don't you get it? I'm done practicin' these ridiculous rituals
It's time I become a real individual and just do me
I really hate to break it to you
But your life's bein' played with
You have not witnessed the world
'Cause you're stuck in the Matrix
Everything we have been taught was all a lie
Open your eyes, open your mind, and fly

Use your mind, be yourself
Don't be nobody else but you
You and the meaning of life
There's no rules, no rules, no rules
Fly away! Fly away!
Away, away, away!
Life's too short not to live it
The world is all yours, come get it
Just go and get it, it's beautiful84EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Our lives coulda been so good
But Momma had to fuck it all up
And now your daddy doesn't fuck with your momma (hell no)
No, Daddy doesn't fuck with your momma
All together, come on!

Our lives coulda been so good
But Momma had to fuck it all up
And that's why Daddy doesn't fuck with my momma (hell no)
No, Daddy doesn't fuck with my momma

Oh, hello son, I really wish I knew you
I'm your father you'll probably never be introduced to
You'll only see me on TV or maybe YouTube
But now I know your momma is probably dating some new dude
So how you liking Earth? Are you loving your existence?
I wasn't at your birth, 'cause your mother made me miss it
I tried to get a visa, I applied, and they denied it
'Cause your momma told the police that I beat her, she was lyin'
And now I'm banned for something bad that I ain't even do
There's a lot of land and water separating me and you
You're far away in Australia, and I am in America
So I cannot be there to do all of the things a parent does
This is my attempt at me raisin' you from a distance
You have Hopson in your blood, you are special, and you are gifted
The punishment your mother has given me doesn't seem fair
Just know I love you, son, and I'm wishin' that I could be there
Our lives coulda been so good
But Momma had to fuck it all up (it's sad)
And now your daddy doesn't fuck with your momma (hell no)
Nope, Daddy doesn't fuck with your momma
Now sing it with me, son!

Our lives coulda been so good
But Momma had to fuck it all up (yeah, that's it)
And that's why Daddy doesn't fuck with my momma
(That's why what?) (Hell no)
No, Daddy doesn't fuck with my momma

I know you and your momma stayin' with her parents Bill & Kirsten
You're partially black, I'm confident they're feelin' nervous
They don't like colored people, in their eyes you're still a burden
They assume you gonna grow up shootin' guns and stealin' purses
But that's not true, son, don't be sad
I know you're not like that, you know I got your back
Listen, here's a funny joke that you could tell your grandmother
She looks like the Marshmallow Man from Ghostbusters
Oh, I forgot, you're too young to know what that is
But that's the kinda thing I like to say to plumpy fat chicks
The humps on Mom's chest, they're not real, they're elastic
And if you look closely, you can see she's made of plastic
Like a toy, you my boy, my son, my friend
I promise we gon' be together somehow in the end
I am very ashamed that you don't have my last name
Every night I go to bed, and I'm feelin' this wicked pain, because—
Our lives coulda been so good
But Momma had to fuck it all up
And now your daddy doesn't fuck with your momma (hell no)
Nope, Daddy doesn't fuck with your momma
You know what time it is, son

Our lives coulda been so good
But Momma had to fuck it all up (that's right)
And that's why Daddy doesn't fuck with my momma
(Daddy doesn't fuck with who?) (Hell no)
No, Daddy doesn't fuck with my momma

Currently my life has hit the floor
I can't lie to you, shit is hard
I should be buildin' with the Lord
It could be what I'm missin' or
Maybe I should continue to hurt your momma and diss her more
Just to relieve the tension that sits in my heart, 'cause it is sore
When I'm spittin' bars about all my cash and exquisite cars
This was on my vision, and you were the one I did it for
My relationship with your momma is sittin' in the morgue
After all this hell, I can't lie, I do wish she did abort
Our lives are so unhappy
'Cause this world is cold and nasty
Just know your daddy don't condone havin' a broken family
I'm so sad we couldn't work out our issues 'fore you arrived
And now you have to suffer
'Cause Mom and Daddy have stupid lives
You're way too young to notice it
You don't deserve to go through this
If I do see your mom again, this time I will assault the bitch
At least then I'll feel like my banning was justified
Look at your momma, thank her for fuckin' up all our lives, and sing
Our lives coulda been so good
But Momma had to fuck it all up
And now your daddy doesn't fuck with your momma (hell no)
Nope, Daddy doesn't fuck with your momma
Where's my choir at?

Our lives coulda been so good
But Momma had to fuck it all up (Momma had to fuck it all up)
And that's why Daddy doesn't fuck with my momma
(Daddy doesn't fuck your momma) (Hell no)
No, Daddy doesn't fuck with my momma

Oh, son
I'm sorry I can't be there with you
But I'll be there soon
But Daddy doesn't fuck with your momma (no, no)
No, Daddy doesn't fuck with your momma
Just know that—

Our lives coulda been so good
But Momma had to fuck it all up
And that's why Daddy doesn't fuck with my momma (hell no)
No, Daddy doesn't fuck with my momma20EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
I just, I just don't, I just, I just, I just don't know
I - I - I just, I just don't, I just, I just don't know what to do
I just, I just don't, I just, I just, I just don't know
I - I - I just, I just don't, I just, I just don't know what to do

I'm back, nigga, wassup? "Hop, how'd you get your buzz up?
I heard you signed over your soul to the Devil, is it true?" Nigga, shut the fuck up!
In my heart there ain't much love, so if you get bashed then that's tough luck
FV doin' shit so big, haters, I'm on your side now, nigga, fuck us! It's Knock Madness
Yeah, I'm back up in this, I'm a real nice nigga but I rap with vengeance
Only got bad intentions and I'm lookin' for a new mouth that my nutsack can fit in
I look like an idiot to grab attention but my new fans tellin' me to trash my lenses
It's bad for business, I'm lackin' senses, feels like I'm trapped in a black dimension
Stepped in this bitch to wreck so don't disrespect
I promise that it'd be a big regret
I'll twist ya neck, I'm lookin' for a fish to catch
I chop niggas up, yeah, I learned it from Tech
I got hoes all over that wanna give me dome
They all yellin', "Hopsin, you turn me on"
But I feel like it's the Devil tryna get me, woah
And I don't wanna do it, nigga, send me home
Nigga, I'm so cool (Cool), but I feel so low (Low)
See, I got a crew (Crew), but I feel solo
I cruise (Cruise), but the wheels don't roll (Woah)
You feel what I'm sayin'? (Uh?) Shit, neither do I (Nah)
I'mma give you niggas one more album then after that
It's peace out, man, I'm leavin' you guys, you know why?
The world made me feel like I lost myself
My own homies tellin' me that I need help
If you got a solution for me you should probably
Holler at your boy if you know somebody
Let me know, let me know, let me know, let me know (Yeah, yeah yeah)
Holler at your boy if you know somebody
Let me know, let me know, let me know, let me know (Yeah, yeah yeah)
Holler at your boy if you know somebody
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Hopsin is doomed, locked in a room, spaced out like a little pop of the shrooms
God lit a fuse, now I gotta make a decision and I don't really know which Hopsin to choose
I'm a big wreck, did you not get the news? I made a million bucks but did not get abused
How did I manage to get robbed from the truth? Maybe I should've never went and dropped outta school
"It's not that bad, you're okay, kid, cheer up!"
But I got a life that I ain't too sure of (Yup)
Swagger lookin' just like Ace Ventura
Can't look at myself, I might break this mirror (Shit! Fuck! Fuck!)
I'm paranoid, I panic over every little scary noise
See, when I go to pick up the phone and tell friends about it
They won't answer 'cause they're annoyed
I'm like "Ugh..."
I put a porno on 'cause my life ain't awesome, man (Yeah, yeah)
Jack off, go to sleep, wake up, jack off again (Yeah, yeah)
Then repeat the cycle
Can't go to sleep unless I leave the lights on
You don't know how many fuckin' demons I know
Maybe I should go and try to read the Bible (Fuck! Oh no!)
I don't even like rap, only thing I wanted was just to be cool (Be cool)
And hang out with a group of friends and solve mysteries like I'm Scooby-Doo (-By Doo)
But I got way more than I bargained for
You can't kill when your heart is sore
I'm so mad I could start a war
So fuck Hopsin, man, I don't even know who I are no more
I feel like I lost myself
My own homies tellin' me that I need help
If ya got a solution for me you should probably
Holler at your boy if you know somebody
Let me know, let me know, let me know, let me know (Yeah, yeah yeah)
Holler at your boy if you know somebody
Let me know, let me know, let me know, let me know (Yeah, yeah yeah)
Holler at your boy if you know somebody

Man, y'all niggas tryin' to kill my vibe, lately don't nobody feel my rhymes
Dizzy blowin' up, tryin' to steal my shine, I'm all outta ammo, my skills just died
But, "Oh my God, I love 'Ill Mind 5'! The one where the dumb skippity bums get high
That there changed my whole entire life, you make more tings like that, I'll buy!"
Well, I got news for you, my screws are loose, I'll tell ya
This rap thing here's what I used to do, now I'm movin' to Australia
When I go ghost, I'mma get a house on the Gold Coast, yellin' "YOLO" on a couch, feelin' so dope
Livin' low pro so these foul niggas don't know, I'll be struttin' around like "hell yeah"
Man, I'm losin' my mind, but y'all assume that I'm cool when I rhyme
See, I'm tryin' to be Marcus and Hopsin but I get depressed when the two intertwine
Truthfully, I'm not the man that I used to be
Nobody cares so I use the beats
To talk to so I lose the heat
I'm cut bad and the bruise is deep, is there anything you can do for me?
The world made me feel like I lost myself
My own homies tellin' me that I need help
If ya got a solution for me you should probably
Holler at your boy if you know somebody
Let me know, let me know, let me know, let me know (Yeah, yeah yeah)
Holler at your boy if you know somebody
Let me know, let me know, let me know, let me know (Yeah, yeah yeah)
Holler at your boy if you know somebody

Holler at your boy if you know somebody
Holler at your boy if you know somebody
Holler at your boy if you know somebody
Holler at your boy if you know somebody63EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Well, now that you've all prepared yourselves for the madness, I present to you: Hopsin and Tech N9ne!

See, I be bangin' on niggas with rappin' voodoo
No slack for you fools
If you ain't gettin' the message I'll slap it through you
My ass is coo-coo, tracks is brutal, that's the usual
Shit that we do in Panorama City
No time for no bitches actin' too sadity
My niggas is rugged, rude, and kinda gritty, for really
Explosive, you know this, come get your daily dosage
I spit that funky shit, can you send a medic for my halitosis?
The flow is as solid as diamonds
Niggas should know they cannot corrode this
So motherfucker bow down
As if you're tryin' to suck on your own dick (Ferocious)
He think he tight, then watch my ass stretch him
You'll feel the wrath if ever you fags test him
You just a sperm cell that climbed
Up out of your dad's rectum
Muh'fucker, I got balls like I'm Ash Ketchum
I really can't imagine not spazzin' on a track this savage
I snap, then I'm a little fanatic
So orgasm 'cause they witnessin' madness, nigga
This that twenty one three classic, nigga
Talkin' that shit get yo' ass whooped, nigga
Damn it, that nigga Hopsin he be killin' shit
If I see him I'ma blast that nigga
We the coldest, flow hypnosis
So explosive, yo' bitch knows it
We the coldest, flow hypnosis
So explosive, yo' bitch knows it

You damn right
I'll rip your mothafuckin' heart out
Day and night
I'll rip your mothafuckin' heart out
You damn right
Nigga, I'll rip your mothafuckin' heart out
Day and night
I'll rip your mothafuckin' heart out

Never will the bomb ignite unless you step to me
Gonna be the one inside of my trajectory
Nigga better run and hide, I kill excessively
That's my recipe, 'til the death of me
You don't wanna be the reason I'ma lose it
Anybody wanna battle, better cool it
I'ma chop on top and I come cruisin', two-bit
Sloppy chopped and I can prove it, stupid!
I'ma buck ‘em all down
Tecca N9na sick, I'm such a raw clown
Eager to F it up, even if ever ya
Evil, I eat ‘em up, fuckin' y'all sounds
Smother ya, when I pop at people they discover the
Killer stoppin' evil, what the fuck is ya
Trippin off of? You can get lickin' my governor
Nigga, they callin' me Bane, like Saddam Hussein
Ain't that a bitch? 'Cause me and Hop only thing
Is takin' over like Pinky and the Brain
I'ma give you the gun and
You're never livin' when the trigger is summoned
I see you sucka shakin', shiver, you runnin'
"The niggas are comin'! The niggas are comin'!"
Better tell them all that they don't want the N9na hail to fall
Your lowlife, soon they're gonna be no life, doomed
Gonna go night, dunes, gonna pick yo' right tomb
I know it's irkin' you niggas
You watchin' me rip it then blow like boom!
We the coldest, flow hypnosis
So explosive, yo' bitch knows it
We the coldest, flow hypnosis
So explosive, yo' bitch knows it

You damn right
I'll rip your mothafuckin' heart out
Day and night
I'll rip your mothafuckin' heart out
You damn right
Nigga, I'll rip your mothafuckin' heart out
Day and night
I'll rip your mothafuckin' heart out

Let me get the baton back, I'ma bomb rap
Lookin' oh so malicious with contacts
Nigga starin', like, "Damn, where yo' mind at?!"
This ain't no pro level shit, it's beyond that
Loaded up and I'm ready for combat
Standin' out like I'm Khalifa's blonde patch
When I come at you with vicious artillery
You wouldn't want it, like Tomica's contract
I K.O. niggas, I'm sorry
Then I throw 'em in a white trash RV
Then they wake up with a blade stuck in their rib
Yelling: "Oh my goodness, yo, where are we?!
Hopsin, this shit is too gnarly!
Why would you wanna go harm me?
I thought we was homies
Now you wanna go and turn me into shrimp on the barbie!"
(Fatality) Bitches, I am rap, every verse is fire
I lay my shit down like fertilizer
A murderous words supplier, merkin' you is my first desire
If you got a problem with me
You can suck on my dick 'til it squirts saliva
The whole planet been waitin' to get a serial killer symphony
Comin' from the Volume and Strange
Get in the way of a killer, try to deliver
You gonna end up in a trap, and I'm sewin' your brains
MC's wanna take the bar down
I fucked the game and even picked your card out
Bitch, I'm far out
Hopsin and Tecca N9na takin' over, we gon' rip your heart out
We the coldest, flow hypnosis
So explosive, yo' bitch knows it
We the coldest, flow hypnosis
So explosive, yo' bitch knows it

You damn right
I'll rip your mothafuckin' heart out
Day and night
I'll rip your mothafuckin' heart out
You damn right
Nigga, I'll rip your mothafuckin' heart out
Day and night
I'll rip your mothafuckin' heart out71EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yo
Lets take a trip through my mind and see what we find
Stress relief
Check it!

They tell me that my vibe is too dark, my eyes are too harsh
That's all I ever hear when I rhyme a few bars
I kinda live a rapper's life, shit, minus two cars
And free girls to fuck
'Cause where I'm from the hynas do charge
My label hyped me up
And told me I had about twelve hits—they lied
'Cause when my fuckin' album dropped, I didn't sell shit
Well, bitch, you tried to fuck my life up? You nailed it!
'Cause you didn't promote my record
And I don't know who the hell did
You shoulda hired Tanner Guinn, yup, Hop is mad again
Just enough to leave your little skull frame hammered in
See, this is what happens when I take that little magic pen
And get to scribblin' psychotic lines worth some damagin'
I hate to tell you, but you are crazy
You were born as a retard baby
And when I come around, you start shaking
'Cause you're a bitch who dates hard ladies
With big beards who say, "Arr, matey!"
Yo, Pillow Man the alias Hopsin has been the signature
I'm far from similar to you niggas whose flow is minature
You'll be diminished for crossin' limits on my perimeter
I'm not a gimmick, I'm a committed, demented, sinister
It's Funk Volume, now what?
If you thinkin' that rap's officially dead, you haven't found us
We built the movement from the ground up, your sound sucks
Until now we let you slide, but you're now fucked
It's just reality, you posers done been wack
I hold it down like my boner in gym class
And fuck Wayne! Man, I'm doper than his ass
Him, Nicki, and Drake can get thrown over a cliff fast
You got cash? Big whoop-dee-fuckin'-doo!
If I had a knife right now, it would be stuck in you
Yo, you ain't gonna like this corner that you pushed me up into
'Cause all you rap about's how you beat the pussy up and ooze
Fuck your fast car, your cheap singin'
You keep sayin' the same shit, while T-Painin'
And we bangin' simply because it's all we hear
Man, look at all these queers
The shit is so watered-down I developed soggy ears
Kill me! Shit, I'm waitin' to die, bitches
I hate on all you rappers who made it, 'cause I didn't
And I admit it, man, I ain't gon' bullshit y'all
As long as you walkin' away sayin' that fool spits raw
Yo, I'm from the West, I throw up the W and I stay hot
But still ain't mentioned
With Nipsey Hu$$le, Glasses, or Jay Rock
What I gotta do, dig 'Pac up out of his grave spot
And wear his face as a mask to my next show to create props?
People always ask why do I sound mad
'Cause I ain't got a girlfriend with a round ass
And all my fuckin' dinners come in a brown bag
How sad! I need a crossroad to get found at
Most rappers be in a six-four
I prefer a big horse, lit torch, and a pitchfork
While you out late workin' your shift when the kids snore
I'm fuckin' your wife while the bitch snorts
Wearin' swim shorts
I got a message on Facebook from some lame guy
And he was like, "Hopsin, dude! I fucking HATE life!
I wanna rap, but I have stage fright, and I can barely write
And I never make music that the babes like!
And when I come home from school, I wait 'til late night
And bump your music really super-loud
And paint my face white
For real, bro, if you just help me, dude
I swear to God, I'll do anything you tell me to!"
Whoa, don't hit me up tryna suck my dick!
'Cause I'm a guy, and I would rather fuck five chicks
With some plump nice tits and the butt size thick
So I can hit the G-spot that only tough guys hit
So if you hear a rumor that I rape mics, it's true
When I drop RAW, that will be the day I get sued
Damon Elliot, I might as well just say bye to you
Fuck the industry! Go out and get Haywire too!
Shit14EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Watch me, watch me
Watch me, watch me
Watch, watch
Watch me, watch me
Watch me, watch me

Bitch, I'm kickin' through the door!
Let's go! 8-18, H O P
Bet on me, you gon' see
Ain't no thing, bitch, I'm on
Bitch, I'm kickin' through the door!
Yeah, 8-18, H O P
Bet on me, Prodigy
When I hit the track, bitch, I'm gone
I'm gone, I'm gone, I'm gone

Yeah, homie G, the cold emcee
Rollin' deep through your vicinity (yo)
I just had an epiphany
I don't know what it did to me
But I'm hopin' the devil doesn't get into me (woah)
I'm still a beast whose enemies finna be
Off the chain with a brand new delivery (yeah)
Try to get in my way, the feelin' of rage
That sit in my brain and then I blast you to smithereens
Nigga please, I'll be damned if I'm thrown on the back burner
Fuckin' maniac purgin', a rap server
The cat burglar who be committin' mass murder
That's word to the G.O.D. 
Fuckin' the game from the P.O.V. 
Niggas beg and they plead on knees
There'll be no peace, the D.O.G., I feed on beats
If niggas wanna die they can lean on me
No Bill Withers, U.P. I done built it up
You wishin' you was on the field with us
I'm the ill nigga, no deal, look at me grill niggas
Fuckin' with me then I will erupt
Still we must remain calm
Napalm in my dang palm
I'm a dark villain like Blade, Spawn or Akon with a cape on
It ain't fun, you can't run
This is the horror flick your life is based on
I ain't gon' say that I'm runnin' shit
That's the shit every rapper say and think about
Nigga, just go in and look at the bank account
I just don't have enough patience to take it out
Niggas is hatin' now, I don't suffer from no paper drought
Always winning's my favorite route
My whole life, I just lay it out
Being around me is a blessing so, boy, you should take a bow
Look!
I'm 'bout to make this bitch jump
(Watch me, watch me, watch me)
Take a look, take a look
(Watch me, watch me, watch me)
I'm shuttin' shit down
I'm 'bout to make this bitch jump
(Watch me, watch me, watch me)
Check me out, check me out

Bitch, I'm kickin' through the door!
Let's go! 8-18, H O P
Bet on me, you gon' see
Ain't no thing, bitch, I'm on
Bitch, I'm kickin' through the door!
Yeah, 8-18, H O P
Bet on me, Prodigy
When I hit the track, bitch, I'm gone
I'm gone, I'm gone, I'm gone

Comin' up, niggas said, "He can't go far." (oh shit)
I cut through like a relay go-kart (woah)
I give it to you like a B-Day postcard
Killin' shit with my nigga DJ Romar (yeah, yeah)
You know you made it when they claim you overrated
Flow is slayin', cultivatin'
Way way back in the golden ages
Now I got hoes from here to Copenhagen
Like nigga, you don't even know where that's at
BagBak 'cause I'm a class act of Mad Max
A mental hazmat lookin' for a jackass to spaz at
I'm turnin' you niggas into my lab rats
Hashtag, #FuckYouMan
Got a dome piece with a nut and a bolt screwed in
Don't care what cult you in
I'm AWOL like I'm D. Trump's new plan
I be givin' you some mo' action, mo' thrashin'
Old-fashioned ho slappin', throat slashin'
Hittin' you harder than a collision with a semi
The windshield bust and then you’re thrown past it
I'm the maniac in yo attic, nomadic, toe taggin'
Ho, that's my dick, you should blow at it!
I don't really give a fuck about your feelings
You can cry me a river 'cause I'm a dog and you know that shit
Clearly there's a devil on my shoulder with an angel
But they don't go back and forth
We are all in agreement in knowin' just what I am rappin' for
Just smashin' whores, give me ass galore
It's all I'm askin', Lord
I can fit the women inside of my black Accord
And we can speed through the night, unless I crash of course
I may need to see a psychiatric ward, so let's go!
I'm 'bout to make this bitch jump
(Watch me, watch me, watch me)
Take a look, take a look
(Watch me, watch me, watch me)
I'm shuttin' shit down
I'm 'bout to make this bitch jump
(Watch me, watch me, watch me)
Check me out, check me out

Bitch, I'm kickin' through the door!
Let's go! 8-18, H O P
Bet on me, you gon' see
Ain't no thing, bitch, I'm on
Bitch, I'm kickin' through the door!
Yeah, 8-18, H O P
Bet on me, Prodigy
When I hit the track, bitch, I'm gone
I'm gone, I'm gone, I'm gone

I'm gone, I'm gone, I'm gone
Yeah, yeah
Nigga, better tell these hoes I'm kickin' through the door!47EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
I'm so tired
Of all the problems you've been causin' me
We are not cool no mo' as far as I can see
You kicked me down, I've fallen
I'm crawlin', it's all your fault

Mo' money, mo' problems it is
Now I'm back to writin' my lyrical novel again
I'm holdin' on grenades and I'm tryin' to not pull a pin
I done contemplated on downin' a bottle of gin
'Cause maybe that'll calm my nerves and get my ass on track
I'm on the fuckin' edge, I snapped and I just can't go back
I have no class, I'm cut from how my last ho act
She tried to ruin me, she damn near made my cash flow crash
I fuckin' hate this bitch, her name could sit on a grave
Only reason she ain't dead is 'cause my kid on the way
The bitch is pregnant and she strippin', dodgin' minimum wage
She done kicked me down, locked me up and spit on my face
I bought a ring for this bitch just to set it in stone
My headache has grown, damn I shoulda left it alone
Now heaven is gone, so is my love and it won't return
Welcome to hell, bitch, I hope you burn, because—

I'm so tired
Of all the problems you've been causin' me
We are not cool no mo' as far as I can see
You kicked me down, I've fallen
I'm crawlin', it's all your fault
Listen, lil' nigga, we ain't in the same shoes
You ain't built a name or even paid dues
Damn it, I'm ashamed of what it came to
And if you had've ever reached my level of fame guaranteed Dame would have played you
He's in the wrong, don't give me hate for it
You know him better than me
Y'all always had a broken relationship
Now you lookin' at me like I'm Satan's spawn
But five years ago you had made the same diss song
Why don't you put it out?
Show the world you hate your brother too
Don't be afraid to show the truth
Shit, you ain't got much to lose
Anyone can hold a gun up, but who's brave enough to shoot?
You know damn well he's addicted to rakin' up the loot
If you seen the shit I seen, you woulda taken sides with me
But you fuckin' disappeared and you ain't even ride with me
And now you wanna return when the label hit the bottom
Nigga, fuck you and your phoney mental problems!

I'm so tired
Of all the problems you've been causin' me
We are not cool no mo' as far as I can see
You kicked me down, I've fallen
I'm crawlin', it's all your fault
Too many motherfuckers judge my life
And make me out to be a monster like I love my strife
Too many motherfuckers pick at what the fuck I write
They hate to see me shine, they wish they could cut my light
I use my music as my public diary, it's what inspires me
It's why your fuckin' son admires me, come and fire me
Settle with the hell that I was put in, nuh-uh
You motherfuckers keep forgettin' I'm too good at my job
Y'all shoulda knew this, some think I'm too retarded and stupid
Overnight I just went and started a movement
The power at my fingertips is greater than Funk Volume and Ruthless
Ha ha, you still losin', you niggas thought you could do it
Go crawl in some sewage, you niggas ain't no entrepreneurs
You fucked with Hopsin Da Ruler and now I'm hollerin' screw ya
Hallelujah, all the deadweight is finally cut off
Niggas, the throne is mine, so stay the fuck off!

I'm so tired
Of all the problems you've been causin' me
We are not cool no mo' as far as I can see
You kicked me down, I've fallen
I'm crawlin', it's all your fault26EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Yo, let me take you to the tribe real quick

I'm from that small city called Panorama
Where the vatos roam and they blast they hammers
Never had no sense, so I'm bad with manners
Who'd've thought I'd be livin' life in the flashin' cameras?
Got bitches on my nuts like pubics (Ooh!)
Niggas could never figure me out like Rubik's (Cubes)
I be bullyin' everybody like I'm Brutus! (Who?)
So don't underestimate me, I do this, truest
I'm calm and ill but still drop bombs, I kill
You know the deal, with my godly skills
You wanna jog the field in my shoes? There's a lot to fill
It won't happen, you cannot be real
Man, there's so many rappers that wanna catch my fade
So many bitches that wanna snatch my brain
I'll probably end up on the news, dead, bullet in the head
Mama in the street yellin': "That's my baby!"
You want me to keep it to a minimal with the syllables?
I think you should get up off my genitals
Every nigga identical when they spit a flow, this shit is critical
I'ma have to get rough and get all my sentinels
Nigga, what you be sippin' on? I'm guessin' your pen is broke
Is it difficult for you to get better? You're so despicable
'Cause your shit is boo-boo, your bars are predictable
I do not bump it, it's hard to get into you
Please admit it, man, the voyage is radical
Mind is set to just destroy, I'm an animal
Killin' shit, man, I'm a poisonous antidote
I be on it, man, your boy's international
Yeah, I'm mad with rhymes
Been doin' this since '99, I'm a mastermind
Homie, it's 2015, and all my niggas gon' kill it
When they finish the job, the other half is mine
Fool, you ain't on that real shit
I live here, you on a field trip
I'm made of shit you ain't built with
You a bitch, yo' girl need a real dick
It's no doubt niggas gon' feel this
You don't scare niggas, not even a little bit
I serve you, you get the bill quick
Crown me, I'm a real prince

Give me that crown boy! (Give it!)
I said "Give me that shit!"
Give me that crown boy! (C'mon!)
I said "Give me that shit!"
Give me that crown boy! (Give it!)
I said "Give me that shit!"
Give me that crown boy! (C'mon!)
Give me that shit!

The rap game's mine, I revolve it round me
I think I have lost it, and my mind's exhausted
I'm nauseous from the process
Of hoppin' on stage and tryin' to dive in moshpits
Nigga, why you focused on diamonds?
These Cubic Zirconia's all up in my ear
Over jewelry, I don't get excited
My perception in life is "Why the fuck am I here, nigga?"
I've been this way since your ass has been suckin' on titties
Since niggas cocked back and start bustin' on 50
Since J-Lo was mobbin' in public with Diddy
Since Biggie and Pac got shot up, it's a pity
That bullshit you're talkin', I'm not in the mood, bro
Continue yappin', you'll see Hopsin is brutal
Keep pushin' me, you gon' get dropped with some Judo
You fannin' out like you want cock in yo' culo
Niggas only in it for money and bitches
I don't even think they wanna rap no more
But they wanna be all over the television
Rockin' feminine shit, tryin' to act homo
Old bi-ass niggas can't bypass niggas
"I can't change even if I tried"-ass niggas
Tight jeans on so they show yo' ass-ass niggas
In the pool with the homie, tryin' to splash-ass niggas
Fruity as Mike and Ike, you'll get diced to rice
When I arrive I pull up like "Hi! Surprise!"
It might be wise to hide when the nightly skies are high
Fuckin' with an ape; no Life of Pi
Tell me, what position would the game be in
Without me havin' the ability to rape the pen?
Pound Syndrome, this is it, I'm weighin' in
I still hate y'all niggas and I can't pretend
Fool, you ain't on that real shit
I live here, you on a field trip
I'm made of shit you ain't built with
You a bitch, yo' girl need a real dick
It's no doubt niggas gon' feel this
You don't scare niggas, not even a little bit
I serve you, you get the bill quick
Crown me, I'm a real prince

Give me that crown boy! (Give it!)
I said "Give me that shit!"
Give me that crown boy! (C'mon!)
I said "Give me that shit!"
Give me that crown boy! (Give it!)
I said "Give me that shit!"
Give me that crown boy! (C'mon!)
Give me that shit!108EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Who am I? Why am I even here, man?
Okay, let's take a trip through my mind and see what we find. Yeah. Okay. Yo.

In high school, Marcus wasn't a helpful student
He dropped out 'cause teachers would never help him through it
And if I don't save this rap game who else would do it?
This is my motherfucking world, welcome to it
If you thinking that Hop's whack, then you is hating
And what the fuck do my contacts have to do with Satan?
I want a bitch with a bomb ass and some lubrication
A loverboy, you see I'm that but I'm rude and blatant
Now you listen here: I started a movement this year
I will fuck you up if you interfere
You been a queer your whole fucking life and I'll kick you into gear
You trying to prove you a lunatic? Ooh, I'm oozing in fear!
You on some sloppy-clown bitch shit: I'll rip your head off
Poke a stick through it, then beat the rest of your body down with it
I start violence, cops come with the loud sirens
Now I have to hop a barbed-wire fence
They find me in the broke down car I had been hiding in
Homicide is now the charge I'm against
Walk up to the jail cell with the guard I am with
He pushes me in and then the bar slides in
This new age of rappers, all they wanna do is floss, why?
Swearing they're the boss guy, thinking that they're all fly
You, Lil' Wayne, Soulja Boy, this Asher Roth guy
Normally I would mind, but this time I've lost mine
Who the hell is he? The biggest hater that you'll ever meet
White contacts, so you motherfuckers remember me
Lyrics put together so cleverly, you will never be
On my level, I chop all of you rappers to celery
Fake thugs rap like: "I'll let the Glock spit at you
Just got out the pen 'cause I move how real niggas move"
No, don't lie, 'cause it hurts when you hear the truth
You got out the pen and wrote a verse with it, didn't you?
Fuck life, you can't tell me nothing
I'll shove a knife in your back and leave it poking out through your belly-button
Sir, your daughter wasn't that reluctant
You see this 8-inch dick bulging out of my pants? Well, she sucked it
I went to Wal-Mart with a Visa card, bought your wife a leotard
And made her try it on to get my penis hard
I'm pissed enough, I can never find a bitch to fuck
I beat my dick a lot, that's why only my right wrist is buff
I go dumb off of two packs of Now and Laters
Then fight niggas like I was the black Power Ranger
Head to the lake then wrestle a couple alligators
Then run through the woods butt-naked; so what, pal? It's nature
Why the fuck would I collab witchu?
Yeah, you're good friends with Marcus but Hopsin don't wanna rap witchu!
You're full of shit like some ass-tissue
And you're a bitch when you go to studios you bring your dad with you
No! Unacceptable, now watch me wreck a flow
Niggas be hating 'cause I'm balling just like my testicles
Word is bond, the way I'm on this mic and serving bombs
I might as well have an Osama bin Laden turban on21EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
You're the only girl who never disrespected me
You always know how to bring out the best in me
Cupid shot us separately
Then we came together, it was destiny
I love you ‘till there ain’t no loving left in me, definitely
Our souls will ride together, even when the stars die
And when parted, my heart cries
It's angels like you, who make it hard why?
It's cause you beautiful, outgoing and smart
And shit you really set the bar high
All you bring to me is happy moments
You make me feel like I'm cute even though my face got all this acne on it
The way I feel for you, you can't revoke it
Cause it changed me, and my family knows it
Damn, we both just kind of fell into this
You gave me proof that heaven exist
But tell me, what is love without a headache or twist?
You come taunting, every night after twelve when I'm unconscious
You never come out when the sun's watching
Baby, I need you

Where are you? Are you only in my dreams?
Only when the moon is shining
That's when you are beside me
Girl, I need you
And that's real
I don't wanna wake up
I'll stay asleep (You know baby)
Your love is all I need
I'm really hoping I find you
I wake up in the morning with this sensational pain
It goes straight to the brain then my day is invaded with rain
Engraved in my veins is your name, this ain't gonna change
It is staying remain unless my heart is deflated and drained
Your love is magic
Daydreaming about you is such a habit
Thought I saw you when I was driving
But I was stuck in traffic
If other girls flirt they're sadly mistaken
I tell em' scram cause they need to know I'm happily taken
You see my love life, it wasn't going well till I found you
Fellas get jealous and doubtful when I tell em' about you
I know we had our fair share in the past, with selfish lust
But once we came together we sealed it and nailed it shut
Your touch is that of a goddess
When we kiss, I'm at a lack of words
Especially when we pull away
And then you smile afterwards
In our hearts, we're no different in color
We live for each other, I'm glad you're my significant other
I love you

Where are you? Are you only in my dreams?
Only when the moon is shining
That's when you are beside me
Girl, I need you
And that's real
I don't wanna wake up
I'll stay asleep (You know baby)
Your love is all I need
I'm really hoping I find you
Baby it saddens me to know that you only exist in dreams
I sit and fiend for you when I'm awake
And it seems like I’ll never be happy unless I sleep
I failed to see the point in living without you
It got me thinking death is sweet
I’ll never know unless I leap, I guess I reach for the stars
Cause girl I'm in love with you oh so desperately
What I'm about to do I kept discrete
I rest the cheek on the pillow as I'm counting sheep
Take me to ecstasy
I tried to get you out my head, the pain's a lot worse
I love you more than anything, I won’t even put God first
You’re the only reason that I sleep so often
I'm hurting nights I don’t see you
I just keep on tossing and turning
I feel so lost and deserted, you made my life good
I told you if I had to take a bullet for you, I would
So baby here I go with the proof, this is it
The moment of truth, only for you *gunshot*

Where are you? Are you only in my dreams?
I don’t wanna wake up
I’ll stay asleep (You know baby)
Your love is all I need
I’m really hoping to find you
I don’t wanna wake up
I don’t wanna, don’t wanna wake up
I don’t wanna wake up I’ll stay asleep
I don’t wanna wake up
I don’t wanna, don’t wanna wake up
I don’t wanna wake up I’ll stay asleep42EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
Tell em all what I came to do
KILL!
One word that explains the truth
REAL!
Bang out 'til your brain is loose
All your little fun filled days are through
Remember that I’m like this thanks to you

First off I’m a little bit psycho, I know
Dumb like a mentally retarded kid
I ain't got no friends, no ends to my stress
So I chill in the dark and shit
With a rifle and bomb, knife in my palm
Thinking 'bout the motherfucking lives I'mma harm
Swing at me then I'm slicing your arm
Then make you videotape me piping your mom
Ruthless!
Deceitful lies, listen up, you don’t want beef to rise
I really wanna murder Tomica Wright
I’m thinking of taking her out for a pizza slice
Then tie her ass up and then beat the life
Out her god damn skull 'til she bleeds and cries
The whole fucking time she was screaming "Why?"
Fuck you bitch, don’t be surprised!
Time after time you told me that my album would drop
It was all bullshit, then the day that it finally did
Bitch how come it flopped?
It’s Ruthless baby for sho'
 I’m tryna make me some dough
Get up off your ass to make a motherfucking marketing plan
And then maybe I'll blow
But no!
You wanna be a little bitch about it
Thought that I would never do shit about it
You made a contract with a twist around it
So I could never, ever, ever get up out it
No outlet so I'm pissed about it
I'd be really dumb if I just allowed it
Watch your back, you might get surrounded!
Bang, bang, bang you hit the ground!
Then
ILL!
Tell 'em all what I came to do
KILL!
One word that explains the truth
REAL!
Bang out 'til your brain is loose
All your little fun filled days are through
Remember that I’m like this thanks to you

Yeah brother you got to feel it just like a killer, killer!
Yeah brother you got to feel it just like a killer, killer!
Yeah brother you got to feel it just like a killer, killer!
Kill her, kill her!
Kill her, kill her!

Listen up, don’t you ever hate me
'Cause I’ma blow up like a bomb when I’m detonated
See, you be tripping like a nigga
That's walking with his shoes untied
Best believe I’ma set it straight
Tie a rope around both of your legs, then hook 'em to 2 cars
And drive 'til they separate
Now your soul's in the sky, try to levitate
Bitch you gon' live life in a better place
You done fucked me once, you done fucked me twice!
Having me begging to drop must be nice!
Look at Eazy-E's lovely wife
Maybe the reason is my ugly eyes
I be the illest when I crush these mics
But it never occurred that I must be right
You’re the reason I say "fuck my life"
I hate you bitch, it's a must we fight!
Everybody keep on running around and asking
What do Tomica be doing with her time
I don’t really know though
I just keep it low-pro, 'cause I'm mad with the contract I signed
I was so happy at first, then it turned to a curse
How'd it happen to me?
That’s the question
I could not get the answer
So now I’m building a casket for  to rest in
Bitch you ain't nothing but a big phony
Lying to niggas, saying you signed with Sony, bitch
None of the staff up there knows me
How come my rap career's moving so slowly, bitch?
Now I got big enough buzz to destroy you and Ruthless
You can’t hold me, bitch!
I’ma fuck around and put some steel toes on
Wanna kick your ass in the ovaries, bitch!
ILL!
Tell 'em all what I came to do
KILL!
One word that explains the truth
REAL!
Bang out 'til your brain is loose
All your little fun filled days are through
Remember that I’m like this thanks to you

Yeah brother you got to feel it just like a killer, killer!
Yeah brother you got to feel it just like a killer, killer!
Yeah brother you got to feel it just like a killer, killer!
Kill her, kill her!
Kill her, kill her!18EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy
***
How you like me now?
How you like me now?
Yeah, how you like now?
I'm flossin' all you nigga's like BLAOW!
WOW!

Yo! So I'ma flop? Nah, that's where you guys are wrong
I shit on niggas, that's why I rap with a diaper on
Don't be approaching me with none of your mess
Talking 'bout where I belong
Just tell your friends all about me and sit
And watch as they minds get blown
Niggas on that basic shit, now I'ma go ape a bit
I know y'all prayed for this, so don't trip
Here's a handkerchief for your razored wrist
My flow got a few ways to switch
Niggas act hard, I'ma change the script
Everybody begging to be a buddy of mine
'Cause they know I got skills y'all can't prevent
When I lace a hit you impressive, none
You can take it as a lesson, son
If you was smart, you'd drop the mic and
Try to stick up a bank with a weapon drawn
Pillow Man was slept upon
That's the reason the West was gone
But I set the bomb, when it blows up
You niggas will know where the heck I'm from
I'm keeping it raw fo' sho', flow so diabolical
You all should know that it took like 10 whole years
Just for my balls to grow
No overnight success, I'm struggling just to write this mess
The road to righteousness was more than words and skill that I possess
I was the nigga all you niggas used to clown
Now when I come around, I got you motherfuckers like "Wow!"
Yeah, how you like me now?
I'm flossin' all you nigga's like BLAOW!
Ayo! How you like me now, motherfucker?
How you like me..
Yo! How you like me now, motherfucker?
How you like me..
Ayo! Let me see you clown, motherfuckers
Let me see..
Yeah! How you like me now, motherfuckers (Guess who it is!)
How you like me...

Ayo! S-W-I-Z-Z and add another
My swagger makes your girl want to cut, like upper
I'm mad hot, dog, my 16s should come with mustard
If you think I have a big head, then you haven't see my brother!
Stacked bad niggas swore I wouldn't make it rappin'
Promised it couldn't happen and hated with a passion
A mixtape later I silenced their laughing
Now the same ones would probably suck my dick if I asked 'em
It's obvious I have it locked like CAPS
Rocking to a bitch fight beat that slaps
I do it major, Poly Sci & Bio
I don't have haters only fans in denial
Now gimme a minute to hop in my zone, I'm making 'em pop like Mary
I'm rocking the party to act all retarded, I'm making 'em pop like cherries
I know this nigga is wild, but I will knock him down
Just answer this question for me:
How you like me, how you like me now?
I was the nigga all you niggas used to clown
Now when I come around, I got you motherfuckers like "Wow!"
Yeah, how you like me now?
I'm flossin' all you nigga's like BLAOW!
Ayo! How you like me now, motherfucker?
How you like me..
Yo! How you like me now, motherfucker?
How you like me..
Ayo! Let me see you clown, motherfuckers
Let me see..
Yeah! How you like me now, motherfuckers
How you like me...

Oh, so you wanna be cool? You wanna be pals?
You wanna be closest friends?
See a nigga so hot, that's why I'm popping up
Like I'm toaster bread
I say shit that don't get said
That's why I can't roll with feds
Illuminati got they eye on me
And they gon' see to it that a nigga don't get fed
My purpose ain't hard to see
I pull up on rappers like "pardon me
Your bars are weak, you put too much time
Tryna get your sparkling charm to bling"
I be kickin' 'em multiple syllables
Ripping up shows and holding my genitals
Get a dose of the wicked flow before your niggas run up
Saying "Homie, you should've known"
It's crazy how life can switch
I ain't gonna lie to you mine was shit
Not anymore, shit changed up
From woman selection to size of tits
I know bitches who can ride the dick
Niggas who think that my eyes are sick
Showing 'em many agents who be loving
The melodies that I supply them with
Yo! I gotta a note for all y'all
In the rap game who got an album stacking dough
Y'all got big, chains'll start falling off like Michael Jackson's nose
Who the illest? Y'all know
Hopsin, yeah, bravo
I'm 'bout to leave the building right now
AbadeAbade that's all folks
I was the nigga all you niggas used to clown
Now when I come around, I got you motherfuckers like "Wow!"
Yeah, how you like me now?
I'm flossin' all you nigga's like BLAOW!
Ayo! How you like me now, motherfucker?
How you like me..
Yo! How you like me now, motherfucker?
How you like me..
Ayo! Let me see you clown, motherfuckers
Let me see..
Yeah! How you like me now, motherfuckers
How you like me...

Let me ask you niggas something
How you like me ha?
All you motherfuckers used to hate talk that shit
How you like me?
I know I haven't made a check
But I get more than you bitch-ass
I talkin' on the song like it's my track and shit
Sorry Hop for takin' it over, but I had to
I mean I didn't have to but - holla at me
You know what it is?
Funk Volume
One more time for y'all, Funk Volume15EmbedShare URLCopyEmbedCopy